{
 "context": "The following article called 'Do Super Dividends Make GlaxoSmithKline plc, Direct Line Insurance Group PLC And SSE PLC Into Screaming Buys?' was published on 2015-10-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nTue, Oct 13, 2015, 09:10 BST - UK Markets close in 7 hrs 20 mins Do Super Dividends Make GlaxoSmithKline plc, Direct Line Insurance Group PLC And SSE PLC Into Screaming Buys? By Alan Oscroft | Fool.co.uk \u2013 18 minutes ago 1,545.00 -1.0000 \nWhat does it mean when a company's dividend forecast outstrips its earnings? It can mean, as we saw in the insurance sector so recently, that management is losing its grip and has failed to see the inevitable need to cut back an overstretched payment policy. \nOr, as I believe is the case with GlaxoSmithKline (LSE: GSK), it can signal a confidence in the future of the company's earnings growth. With Glaxo's earnings falling for the past three years on the back of its patent expiry crisis and expected to continue downwards this year, its prospective dividend yield has soared to 6.1% on a share price of 1,304p. But the 80p payment per share that the company says it expects to maintain for the full year would outstrip forecast EPS of 75p. \nLooking a year ahead, though, there's an EPS recovery of 12% on the cards for 2016, to around 84p, which would just about provide cover for a predicted dividend rise to 82p. But is the company's confidence misplaced and will the cash have to be cut? Well, at interim time CEO Sir Andrew Witty said that \" ... we remain confident that we can achieve our targets for this year and return the Group to earnings growth in 2016 \", and that's essentially been the plan since the firm's turnaround strategy was launched. \nIt's still risky, but I reckon if you get in now you should be able to secure a tasty income stream. \nCash from insurance \nSpeaking of insurance, a special dividend financed by the sale of its International division and already paid should take Direct Line Insurance Group (LSE: DLG) shareholders' income this year up to a one-off of at least 13% on its 376p shares. Direct Line usually makes a special payment at the end of each year too, last year handing over a total yield of more than 9%. \nSome would be wary of relying on such high levels of cash return over the longer term, but the motor insurance business seems to be in reasonable shape at the moment with last year's fall in gross written premiums stabilized by the halfway stage this year, and Direct Line looks able to pay out the lion's share of its earnings as cash once again. And you never know, there might even be a takeover possibility after Mitsui Sumitomo 's recent move on Amlin. \nUtilities losing their shine? \nWhat about those old favourites with income investors, the utilities companies? SSE (LSE: SSE) has been a steady provider, and the predicted rise in its dividend for the year to March 2016 would provide a yield of 5.8% at a share price of 1,545p, with a modest further boost taking it to 5.9% a year later. \nWith expected yields that high, why are the shares persistently on a P/E that's lower than the market average? There's an 11% fall in EPS expected this year, which would drop dividend cover to around 1.2 times, and that's getting a bit stretched even for a predictable energy supplier. \nThen there are threats to revenues coming from increased competition, falling demand, and the fear of cranked-up industry regulation. And some are even thinking the unthinkable -- that SSE and the others might have to cut their dividends. But I'm not that pessimistic myself, and I can see SSE as a solid income earner for quite some time to come. \nReinvesting dividends for the long term can get you to millionaire status by the time you retire. \nTo find out more, get yourself a copy of the Motley Fool's special 7 Simple Steps For Seeking Serious Wealth report, which shows you how investing in shares and reinvesting dividends has wiped the floor with every other form of investment over the past century and more. \nIt's completely FREE , so click here for your personal copy and get started today . \nAlan Oscroft has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK has recommended GlaxoSmithKline. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of GlaxoSmithKline PLC was 28.640226364135742 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of GlaxoSmithKline PLC was ",
 "expected": "28.810441970825195",
 "date": "2015-10-13",
 "ticker": "GSK",
 "company": "GlaxoSmithKline PLC"
}