{
 "context": "The following article called 'Medicare Health Insurance Options in America (Louise Friesen)' was published on 2015-09-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Louise Friesen Sep 16, 2015 Life is all about insecurities and unpredictable events. This has been the basic thought that had ignited the existence of insurances in the world. It is basically designed to protect oneself from financial losses dues to these uncertainties in the world. Often insurances are defined as a contract or policy paper under which an entity or individual is legally given financial protection in case of any losses. Such policies are offered by commercial agencies or banks and referred to as insurance company. Such companies offer reimbursements for all types of losses, again nominal fees that are paid across the year.In America, Insurance takes up a very important role in a citizen's life and is an integral part of everyday living. There are a variety of insurance types and plans that are available in the insurance market. As insurance is a highly positive building step for having a more secured and stress free life. However, this need and obsession of Americans for insurances has fueled the increase of diverse insurance plans.Eventually they are spoilt for choices, and are often clueless and land up making the wrong choices. By consulting insurance agencies, one can invest in the right kind of plan with optimal investment. They offer guidance in a spectrum of health options ranging from Medicare Health Insurance Options to Retiree Health Coverage. Let's look at some of the other popular health plans that one can consult an insurance agency for - Some of the popular health insurance plans in America -* Medicare Advantage - Medicare Advantage (MA) plans act as substitute for part A and part B of the original Medicare plan. Medicare is the health insurance program offer and regulated by HMO (health maintenance organization). The A part offers payments for in-house patient bills, excluding the fees for physicians or surgeons. Part B offers reimbursement of fees of doctors, as well as outpatient health services like diagnostic and laboratory tests. It also covers the cost of ant health equipments or machine that a patient needs to buy permanently.* Part D Prescription Drug Plans - Medicare Prescription Drug Plan (Part D). These plans are also referred to as PDP. This part of the Medicare plan has coverage to the Original Medicare, which includes PFFS (Private Fee-for-Service) plans, Cost plans, and MSA (Medical Savings Account) plans.* Dental Insurance and Vision Insurance - As most Medicare plans don't include Dental and vision insurance plans. These insurance agencies therefore offer their clients with a wide variety of independent insurance plans for teeth and eyes offered outside the Medicare plan of America. * Life Insurance - This plan is one of the most commonly opted plans in the insurance sector. It is basically a agreement between an insurance company and policy holder that policy holder's family will be taken care off in case there is any unwanted accident or event that leads to the death of the policy holder. Such plans also take care of the health expenses for any kind of life threatening disease or accident. About the Author Louise is based in Sacramento, California in United States of America. He has been taking the guidance of insurance agencies regarding all his Medicare Health Insurance Options and has been highly satisfied. He loves writing on insurances. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Mine Safety Appliances Company was 39.910152435302734 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Mine Safety Appliances Company was ",
 "expected": "40.601036071777344",
 "date": "2015-09-16",
 "ticker": "MSA",
 "company": "Mine Safety Appliances Company"
}