{
 "context": "The following article called 'Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd. mentions facilitation of better health in India (Aanand Kumar)' was published on 2015-10-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Aanand Kumar Oct 15, 2015 Since the industrial revolution, India has transformed into a developing nation. Laying much emphasis on improvement in health, indices shows that it has not been ignored by the government. The innumerable discoveries and inventions in science and technology in India has improvised human health. India has been experiencing a wave of revolution in science and technology ever since.With 1.25 billion individuals, India is ranked as the second most populous country of the world. This has exposed India to vulnerability of many health issues in the country, mentions Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt Ltd. Constituting 17 percent of the world's total population by 2020, it is assumed that this shall affect the health status of the world also. Thus, the importance of health of a country in its economic development cannot be ignored. However, raised concerns over environmental inequality among the population is a huge challenge. A large population residing in a few square kilometres, surrounding major cities and industrial units is a major reason for health hazards among them. A large portion of this is captured by the low-income population who are unable to afford 2-meals a day. While they are unable to afford the basic minimum facilities for themselves, they are least bothered about the disgraced condition of their surrounding environment. Broadly, the higher-income groups and a percentage of the middle-income groups have an access to good health facilities and clean environment. To curb these issues, there is an urgent need to put legislative obligations on hazardous emissions from the industries and design various ways to control endemic arising in the affected areas. Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd. suggests that innovative models to gauge the population's health status shall be designed to improve the status of environment. If a population base is noted to be unsuccessful in meeting the set standards, steps shall be taken to prevent further degradation in the target region. Innovative Financial Advisors also ascertains that involvement of civil society organizations and corporations shall play a significant role in generating awareness among the target population. Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd. suggests that corporations through their CSR budgets can support in setting up institutions such as public health clinics to assess the public health, extending financial support to smaller institutions to carry out research in the specific area, identification of sites perilous to human health. According to Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd., a few steps in the correct direction will surely bring in a change for a long term. About the Author\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Centerspace was 57.633426666259766 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Centerspace was ",
 "expected": "58.07283401489258",
 "date": "2015-10-15",
 "ticker": "CSR",
 "company": "Centerspace"
}