{
 "context": "The following article called 'Here's how US policy plays a role in RBI's rate cut' was published on 2015-09-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nHere's how US policy plays a role in RBI's rate cut By Saikat Das & Sangita Mehta , ET Bureau | 14 Sep, 2015, 08.56PM IST ET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: A softening retail inflation may have fueled rate cut hopes, but the upcoming US Federal Reserve policy could well be a rider for the Reserve Bank of India to reduce the benchmark rate, now at 7.25%. India's retail price inflation as measured by consumer price index, has eased to 3.66% in August due to a slower rate of price rise in vegetables, fruits and protein items, government data showed on Monday. The reading was almost in line with 3.6% predicted by analysts in a Reuters poll. \"Until US Federal Reserve policy is announced (on September 17-18), RBI may not cut rate,\" said Keki Mistry, Vice Chairman & CEO, HDFC ltd. If the Fed does not hike rate, I expect RBI to reduce by 25-50 basis points. But, any US rate hike will diminish the possibility of RBI cutting rates.\" The US central bank will take a decision on expected hike amid improving macroeconomics in the country. Back home in India, any US rate hike would prompt overseas investors to withdraw investments from emerging markets only to park funds in US, considered as a safe heaven for investment. \"If the governor is conservative than he may hold on to the rates,\" said Arundhati Bhattacharya , chairman, State Bank of India. \"But, he may not have the window to lower rates if the US Fed hikes the rates in between.\" \"Because once US raises rates it becomes a bit difficult for India to raise rates then,\" she said. If US hike rates, it squeezes the arbitrage opportunity between US and India. The rate differential is a big trigger for overseas investors betting on Indian securities. The benchmark bond yield on Monday was a little changed at 7.76%. The weighted average call money rate, was at 7.27%, well within the range of RBI's benchmark or repo rate. Call money is a short lending and borrowing within banks.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 140.67230224609375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "143.3911590576172",
 "date": "2015-09-14",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}