{
 "context": "The following article called 'Square 1 Bank Announces Credit Facility to Molio, Inc.' was published on 2015-09-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSquare 1 Bank Announces Credit Facility to Molio, Inc. September 29, 2015 09:00 ET | Source: Square 1 Financial \nDENVER, Sept. 29,   Square 1 Bank , the premier banking partner to entrepreneurs and the venture capital community, today announced that it has provided a $1 million credit facility to new client Molio, Inc. , a creative and media agency focused on building brands through YouTube. Proceeds from the facility will be used to fuel the company's continued growth and expansion. \nA 2015 spin-off of oral care company, Orabrush, Inc., Molio's brand-building model combines intelligent ad placement software and advertising services such as content creation, video optimization and media placement to generate hyper-targeted marketing campaigns that increase awareness, engagement and conversions. Molio's YouTube expertise is a clear differentiator in the online video marketing community. Its comprehensive approach enables companies to successfully build brands and launch products on a global scale, focusing first on YouTube and then expanding to other relevant channels. \n\"We significantly value the strategic partnership we have with Square 1 Bank,\" said Scott Wright, chief financial officer of Molio and Orabrush. \"It is a breath of fresh air to work with a credible financial institution that understands the needs and circumstances of up and coming businesses like ours. Square 1's approach to growth-stage lending has allowed us to fuel our successful business model without bogging us down with overly burdensome administrative tasks and covenant restrictions. Over the years of our partnership, their customer service and efforts to understand and help our business have been unparalleled.\" \nJody Shepherd, senior vice president in Square 1 Bank's technology banking practice, added, \"Having worked with the Orabrush team for several years, we knew they were building a solid company that was poised for expansion. The Square 1 team is excited to see Molio's unique approach and proven technology serving a broader client base, and we look forward to supporting their growth for years to come.\" \nAbout Molio \nMolio ( www.molio.com ) is the leading marketing company delivering YouTube centric campaigns, combining creative content and programmatic media buying to build brands. Molio reaches audiences in a unique way, resulting in brands having more exposure and industry-leading results on YouTube and other digital video platforms. Molio has led some of the most successful and recognized digital video campaigns, including globally launching several brands. Today, Molio is partnering with dozens of forward thinking industry leading brands to increase the effectiveness and results of their digital marketing efforts. \nAbout Square 1 Bank \nSquare 1 Bank is a full service commercial bank dedicated exclusively to serving the financial needs of the venture capital community and entrepreneurs in all stages of growth and expansion. Square 1's expertise, focus and strong capital base provide flexible resources and unmatched support to meet our clients' needs. Square 1 has offices coast-to-coast in Austin, the Bay Area, Boston, Chicago, Denver, Durham, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, New York, San Diego, Seattle and Washington, DC. For more information, visit www.square1bank.com . Media Contact: Square 1 Bank Dee McDougal 919.597.7479 Related Articles\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was 22.601261138916016 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was ",
 "expected": "22.7662353515625",
 "date": "2015-09-29",
 "ticker": "AA",
 "company": "Alcoa Inc."
}