{
 "context": "The following article called 'AGCO Introduces Go-Task App for Easier Data Management' was published on 2015-09-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done The manufacturer and distribution of farm equipment, AGCO Corporation AGCO announced that it will launch a new solution for wireless task data transfer Go-Task. Go-Task mobile app, the next generation approach to precision agriculture and machine management, will enable farmers to make superior decisions by reducing the time and effort To manage the task data.The Go-Task mobile app will be a key product of Fuse Technologies. Recently, AGCO launched Fuse Connected Services, through AGCO dealers to help farmers improve overall farm efficiency by reducing maintenance and input costs. The Go-Task solution will transfer task data to and from select AGCO machines and support Farm Management Information Software (FMIS) programs.Go-Task has various features including easier movement and management of data, which will enable growers to take better operational decisions leading to increased efficiency and productivity. It also eliminates the risk of lost or incomplete task data resulting from lost USB sticks or complications associated with manual data transfer.Go-Task utilizes AGCO\u2019s existing task data exchange server for task data transfer. This mobile app can also be used on iOS 7.0 and above devices including iPod, iPhone and iPad. In addition, Go-Task automatically syncs with task data on the terminal when a task is completed or paused.Furthermore, the Go-Task app can be utilized on machines utilizing a C1000, C2100, or C3000 terminal for logging task data with the support of a wireless USB dongle and subscription to AGCO\u2019s task data exchange server. This new mobile app will provide farmers with a greater level of connectivity within their operations while enabling them to move and manage the task data more seamlesslyGrowers will be able to download the app for free from the iTunes app store. Pricing and other information regarding subscription and hardware requirements will be made available by Jan 2016 with the official market release of the Go-Task app.Duluth, GA-based AGCO is a global leader focused on the design, manufacture and distribution of agricultural machinery. AGCO supports more productive farming through a full line of tractors, combines, hay tools, sprayers, forage equipment, tillage, implements, grain storage and protein production systems, as well as related replacement parts.AGCO currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). Other favorably ranked stocks in the sector are Titan International Inc. TWI, ACCO Brands Corporation ACCO and Pentair plc PNR. All these stocks carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Pentair, Ltd. was 31.892648696899414 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Pentair, Ltd. was ",
 "expected": "32.3338623046875",
 "date": "2015-09-02",
 "ticker": "PNR",
 "company": "Pentair, Ltd."
}