{
 "context": "The following article called 'Foreign banks except Deutsche stay away from Rs 42,000 crore divestment plan' was published on 2015-07-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nForeign banks except Deutsche stay away from Rs 42,000 crore divestment plan By Arun Kumar , ET Bureau | 25 Jul, 2015, 03.35AM IST This is a far cry from the situation that existed a few years ago when these banks used to fall over each other and local rivals for mandates. Editor's Pick ET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! NEW DELHI: The Modi government's ambitious disinvestment programme for 2015-16 has run into an unusual hurdle, with its first call for bankers to advise it on the state-run firms' shares sales eliciting a tepid response, especially from foreign banks that used to vigorously jostle for these mandates in earlier years. Barring Deutsche Bank , no foreign bank has participated in the bids for the mandate to help the government sell stakes in 10 companies aimed at raising more than Rs 42,000 crore ($7 billion) during this fiscal year, people familiar with the exercise told ET on Friday. This is a far cry from the situation that existed a few years ago when these banks used to fall over each other and local rivals for the mandates, often offering to work for free or charge fees as low as a single rupee.\nInvestment banking sources said the less-than-enthusiastic foreign bank interest in the government's first attempt to hire advisors for its share sale plans could be partly attributed to their diminished role in the last few issues and mainly to a new model formulated by the department of disinvestment for the upcoming asset sales. The government has divided the 10 companies whose shares it intends to sell into two baskets of five companies each. Bankers selected for one basket will have to handle all the five companies in it, according to the bidding process. \"The new model of creating a basket of companies for bankers to bid has created confusion as there is no clarity when each of these companies will actually be sold. Moreover, by clubbing five companies together, bankers are in a way being forced to sell companies they may not be keen on, so they are preferring to stay away,\" said a top foreign banker requesting not to be named as he is not authorised to talk about ongoing government contracts. For the first group of five companies, only three domestic investment banks, notably ICICI Securities and SBI Capital Markets, submitted bids. For the second group of five companies, seven bids were received. The bidders included Deutsche Bank, which was the sole foreign entity, and six Indian players that included SBI Capital Markets, JM Financial, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company, Edelweiss and Yes Bank. Bankers said the low interest levels was atypical given the general interest historically for the prestigious task of managing government asset sales, which bumps up banks' position in global league tables and helps them win future business. In addition to the 10 companies, the government has also decided to sell a 5% stake in Power Finance Corporation of India to raise about Rs 1,700 crore. It has decided the launch the share sale on Monday, July 27. This would be its second share sale in the current fiscal year \u2014 in April this year it sold a 5% stake in Rural Electrification Corp. for Rs 1,610 crore. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had budgeted an amount of Rs 69,500 crore by way of disinvestment receipts this fiscal year, an all-time high. These include garnering Rs 41,000 crore from the sale of stock in existing state-run companies and another Rs 28,500 crore from the disposal of residual stakes in erstwhile government-owned firms. In the last fiscal year, the government had raised Rs 24,328.93 crore from share sales. However, more than 92% of this came from one transaction in January 2015 when it sold a 10% stake in Coal India forRs 22,557.63 crore, creating a record for such a sale. AnotherRs 1,719 crore was realised from the sale of a 5% stake in SAIL.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was 31.946001052856445 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was ",
 "expected": "31.96523666381836",
 "date": "2015-07-25",
 "ticker": "DB",
 "company": "Deutsche Bank AG"
}