{
 "context": "The following article called 'Satellites: All eyes are on British firms taking a lead in a new space race' was published on 2015-09-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSatellites: All eyes are on British firms taking a lead in a new space race Satellites: All eyes are on British firms taking a lead in a new space race Maisha Frost reports on how British businesses, the new stars of a global satellite revolution, are now taking their next giant step, securing the right space industry contacts on the ground. PUBLISHED: 19:41, Tue, Sep 29, 2015 | UPDATED: 20:27, Tue, Sep 29, 2015 SG Space giant: A visit to Nasa was a highlight of the British firms\u2019 itinerary Leaving the comfort of their labs and computers to pitch directly to razor sharp corporate America was tough workout, but a welcome and necessary one say UK entrepreneurs from radar specialist Arralis, propulsion expert Mars Space and mission control software designer Bright Ascension. The three were part of recent government-backed trade mission for nine of the UK\u2019s brightest firms visiting space sector giants including NASA, Lockheed Martin and Virgin Galactic in Utah and Silicon Valley as well as angel and venture capital investors. All eyes are on satellites these days, especially cube and nano ones, some barely bigger than a furry dice as the number in orbit, some 2,500, is set to treble by 2020. Cheaper production, technological advances, new business models, and more diverse applications, from improved radar and broadband to mapping and data services are driving the expansion now being led by private companies. SG Electrifying: Dr Michele Coletti of Mars Space The changes open up even greater opportunities for the UK space sector, one of industry\u2019s success stories, worth \u00a311.8 billion a year and employing 37,000 as well as supporting tens of thousands of other jobs. The aim now is to boost that to \u00a340 billion, create 100,000 new jobs and increase Britain\u2019s global market share to 10 per cent by 2030. The trade mission, organised by government-backed agency Innovate UK and export arm UK Trade and Investment, was a vital step in helping innovators broaden their contacts network, find new customers, raise money and form partnerships. Tim Just, Innovate UK\u2019s head of space, explained: \u201cThe industry has experienced a fundamental shift, focusing on innovation through collaboration of government, large companies and smaller start-ups. Innovate UK identified the US as a prime partner. All these burgeoning firms have built innovative solutions to some of the sector\u2019s greatest challenges.\u201d The trip was definitely worth it reckons Mike Gleaves, technical director and co-founder with Barry Lunn of Arralis, a Belfast-based producer of ultra fast semi-conductor chips enabling high speed and high resolution radar. Arralis\u2019s on board flight technology enables helicopters and other craft safely navigate huge dangers such as dust clouds, a source of accidents in war zones like Afghanistan, and power lines. SG Networking: Mike McCrum [left] of software innovator Bright Ascension The firm\u2019s turnover is expected to rise to \u00a31.5 million this year as it attracts increasing interest from the security, defence and safety sectors. Our technology saves time and money and puts the power of nanosatellites and CubeSats in the hands of people and organisations that would not have been able to launch their own a decade ago Mike McCrum, Bright Ascencion Semi-conductors are a volume industry with tight margins however so Gleaves\u2019 purpose in going to the US was to build Arralis\u2019s customer base rather than find investment. He has returned with \u00a3300,000 of potential business for an estimated \u00a32,000 outlay in time and other expenses. \u201cIt was a good return on investment,\u201d he says. \u201cWe talked to people we would not normally be able to reach, and that gave us ideas for other applications for our technology. \u201cIt was a great learning experience pitching to investors. Innovate UK organised trial runs, that included basics such as learning to breathe and how to stand. Corporate America is very confident and British firms have to be too to succeed. The trip definitely increased my confidence.\u201d Electric propulsion that provides efficient energy for cube and other smaller satellites and prolongs their lifetimes, is the business of Mars Space and Dr Michele Coletti, founder of the Southampton University spin-out that now produces own units, has its own diagnostic lab and a \u00a3400,000 turnover. Coletti was looking for and got good business leads, he says. The meetings with investors also opened his eyes to opportunities and like Mike Gleaves got a lot from the pre-trip mentoring SG Barry Lunn and Mike Gleaves, Arralis co-founders with one of their ultra fast semi-conductors \u201cThe pitch training we received was very useful as was meeting the investors, angel ones seem the most suitable for Mars Space, should we be looking in future. It was good to hear what companies are thinking about, including their interest in bigger satellites.\u201d Bright Ascension, operating from Edinburgh and Dundee, produces affordable on-board and ground software and interface systems linking the two that reduce risk and cost but increase performance for clients who can customise the products. \u201cOur technology saves time and money and puts the power of nanosatellites and CubeSats in the hands of people and organisations that would not have been able to launch their own a decade ago,\u201d explains technical director and co-founder Mike McCrum. Bright Ascension\u2019s software is helping communications in developing and remote regions, relaying crucial data to the likes of farmers about weather forecasts and commodity prices. McCrum also appreciated the pre-trip pitching trial runs and used the US trip to gain greater insight into the US space industry, find distribution partners and make connections with the major industry players. \u201cIf I did another trip I would prepare even more now I know how they work, so I knew what companies would be best to target. Knowing what they require and who influences their agenda is vital. Lockheed Martin showed genuine interest in what we were doing,\u201d he says. For Tim Just though pulling off the trip\u2019s ambitious logistics with a myriad of competing demands, meetings and locations was a feat akin to rocket science. But with this mission proved possible, UK Innovate has plans for a further US one. Houston get ready the British are coming. arralis.com , mars-space.co.uk , Innovate UK funds, supports and connects innovative businesses through a mix of people and programmes to accelerate sustainable economic growth. www.gov.uk/innovateuk Related articles\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Renasant Corporation was 27.90737533569336 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Renasant Corporation was ",
 "expected": "28.470727920532227",
 "date": "2015-09-29",
 "ticker": "RNST",
 "company": "Renasant Corporation"
}