{
 "context": "The following article called 'Indian banks unlikely to reduce their problem loans ratios FY 16: Moody's' was published on 2015-07-28. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: New bad loans or slippages may be checked among Indian banks, said global rating company - Moody's citing global fund managers' expectation. \"There was a 60:40 split between respondents expecting improvements in Indian banks' asset quality in the financial year ending March 2016 (FY2016),\" Moody's said in a report. But credit quality woes are unlikely to fade away soon. Hong Kong respondents were slightly more optimistic than Singapore peers but almost none anticipate a sharp improvement, according to the study. \"In our opinion, Indian banks are unlikely to reduce their problem loans ratios in FY2016, but the new NPL ( non-performing loans ) formation rate will probably decline,\" said Moody's. The majority of respondents expect no significant rise in the capital levels of Indian state-owned lenders next two years. They are also not optimistic about progress to improve creditor rights of banks over the next three years. \"We consider that Indian state-owned banks have little capacity to improve their generally weak capital buffers through retained earnings, while external capital infections - including from the government - will likely remain scarce.\" Hong Kong and Singapore respondents differed on whether there would be meaningful corporate governance reforms in state-owned banks over the next three years. Hong Kong's tended to be moderately negative and Singapore's to be moderately positive, Moody's said. Asset bubbles remain the top credit risk. The investor poll on Asian banks showed unwinding of asset bubbles to be the top macroeconomic threat in the coming 12 months, followed by slowing growth in China. \"We largely agree that asset bubbles - particularly in real estate - are an important but manageable source of credit risk for the banks in 2015 and 2016.\"  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moody's Corporation was 102.75374603271484 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moody's Corporation was ",
 "expected": "102.76304626464844",
 "date": "2015-07-28",
 "ticker": "MCO",
 "company": "Moody's Corporation"
}