{
 "context": "The following article called 'It isn't on for the Tories to blame business' was published on 2015-07-10. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nFri, Jul 10, 2015, 21:55 BST - UK Markets closed It isn't on for the Tories to blame business By Allister Heath | Telegraph \u2013 28 minutes ago Print \nWe are being told by some on the Right that there are too many rich foreigners around or that it is wrong, supposedly, for bosses to earn more than an arbitrary multiple of workers\u2019 pay, even when performance has been good \nWages are growing, the economy is expanding and we are moving closer to full employment. But while the economy has now largely recovered from the recession and financial crisis, our political culture remains deeply scared by the downturn. \nThe Left hasn\u2019t really changed: its dalliance with relatively moderate Blairism was never going to survive, and it is back to where it always was, advocating destructive solutions. Sadly, it is the Right that has mutated: many of its main players, both inside and outside the Tory party, have turned their backs on elements of the free market. This was never a guaranteed outcome: in America, the centre-Right has become, if anything, more libertarian as a result of the crisis. \nIn the UK, all major political parties wrongly bought the uber-simplistic narrative that the recession was caused only by venal, greedy bankers spontaneously gambling with other people\u2019s money; the American centre-Right\u2019s analysis was always much more sophisticated. \nIt emphasised the fact that it was the Federal Reserve that was fuelling risk by endlessly injecting liquidity into the system at the first sign of trouble or of lower equity or bond prices; that bailouts are wrong, encourage risk-taking and moral hazard; that the Asian savings glut and the secular drop in long-term interest rates helped fuel bubbles in property and other assets; the role of incompetent regulation, including the old Basel accords; the key importance of deposit insurance in pushing down capital ratios; and of course the authorities\u2019 role in promoting sub-prime lending. The US centre-Right wanted to reform the financial system, but largely by reintroducing genuine market incentives and correct price signals. They certainly didn\u2019t see it as an excuse to give up on capitalism. \nThe UK reaction was different: some of the reforms adopted by the coalition were great and outright fraud is being rooted out. But monetary policy was let off the hook and we\u2019ve ended up with a dysfunctional tax system, the wrong sort of structural change, excessively draconian board liability rules that reverse natural justice and even EU-imposed restrictions on how pay can be structured. \nThe British Right\u2019s unease with markets is not just about the financial crisis : they are rightly worried about the fact that relative wages for some parts of the population have fallen, in part because of technology, and are equally right to be concerned about excessively high house prices and cost of living. But they are wrong to blame capitalism for this, and are wrong to have become nervous about some aspects of globalisation as a result. \nWe are increasingly told that companies are \u201cfailing to deliver higher wages\u201d, that business has proved itself unable to boost productivity, that the market isn\u2019t building enough homes and so on all astonishing claims given that the reasons for these blockages and problems are almost always either insurmountable economic reality to which nobody has the answer, or government failure. We are even being told by some on the Right that there are too many rich foreigners around or that it is wrong, supposedly, for bosses to earn more than an arbitrary multiple of workers\u2019 pay, even when performance has been good. The Left-wing Kool-Aid has been swallowed, and brains lobotomised. \nThose who believe that the minimum wage must be increased because the private sector has proved itself incapable of doing the job of its own accord are tragically misguided. Productivity collapsed (and real wages fell) because GDP slumped, and the labour market absorbed the slump without mass unemployment. The system worked incredibly well in the circumstances and yet our flexible, job-creating market is now being blamed for its greatest success. \nUltimately, we need a much more skilled population, and that means a much better education system than any government has ever been able to produce. Given the extraordinary failings in economics, education, regulation, tax and other policies over the past decade, it is astonishing that politicians especially from the centre-Right want to blame business. \nallister.heath@telegraph.co.uk\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Abbott Laboratories was 43.45369338989258 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Abbott Laboratories was ",
 "expected": "44.134033203125",
 "date": "2015-07-10",
 "ticker": "ABT",
 "company": "Abbott Laboratories"
}