{
 "context": "The following article called 'TD Bank Expands Target Healthcare Focus, Adds Lending Specialists' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  TD Bank Expands Target Healthcare Focus, Adds Lending Specialists October 16, 2015, 07:07 AM Related: Healthcare , Medical , TD Bank \nHealthcare continues to be a burgeoning and ever-changing business in the United States, creating demand for products and services from equipment investments to practice acquisitions. To support the growing needs of small and mid-size practices, TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank\u00ae, is significantly broadening its services for private medical, dental and veterinary practices with its new Healthcare Practice Solutions Group. The Healthcare Practice Solutions Group specialty lending division will underwrite loans of up to $12 million for practices with revenues up to $20 million throughout TD Bank's Maine to Florida footprint. The team's specialties include equipment loans, practice mergers/acquisitions, partnership buy-ins or buy-outs, real estate loans and refinancing. While TD Bank previously offered loans and financial products to healthcare providers within its small business bank, this new financing group will deliver specialized solutions and larger loans to support dentists, optometrists/ophthalmologists, veterinarians, orthodontists, oral surgeons and small physician practices.\"Medical professionals have unique financial needs and circumstances, and it benefits practitioners to work with a bank that understands the healthcare business model,\" said Dan Croft, Head of Healthcare Practice Solutions, TD Bank. \"Our team of experts can offer counsel to professionals from physicians just starting out, juggling medical school loans while setting up an office, to retiring dentists looking to sell or close their practice.\" TD Bank's Healthcare Practice Solutions Group adds to the bank's existing healthcare finance capabilities under its Institutional Healthcare Group, which provides capital and specialized expertise to large healthcare entities, including acute care (hospitals, academic medical centers and health systems), long-term care (skilled nursing facilities and home care) and larger physician practices. TD Bank's Institutional Healthcare Group is led by Emmet Conlon, Senior Vice President, Head of Healthcare, North, and Colleen Mullaney, Senior Vice President, Head of Healthcare, South.To support the newly expanded business, TD Bank hired four specialists from Maine to Florida:Jim Brady is Market Manager, Healthcare Practice Solutions Group, based in metro Boston. Prior to joining TD Bank, he was a Vice President, Healthcare Solutions Group at Citibank and a business development officer at Capital Source healthcare finance unit and GE Healthcare Practice Solutions Group. Brady holds a bachelor's degree in business management from Bentley University in Waltham, Massachusetts.Mike Estes is the new Healthcare Specialist for TD Bank in the South Florida region, located in West Palm Beach, where he will support small business and regional commercial healthcare practice solutions. Previously, Estes worked for nine years at PNC Bank as a healthcare business banking specialist. He has an additional 15 years' experience as a commercial banker, working at US Bank, Bank of America and Huntington National Bank. Estes graduated from Indiana University and holds a certificate from the Florida School of Banking.Kurt George is TD Bank's Healthcare Specialist for the North Florida region, based in Jacksonville, Florida. He has more than 20 years' experience in healthcare, including lending, healthcare brokerage and software. Most recently, he worked in healthcare lending at Wells Fargo. George also worked in Capital Source's healthcare finance unit and GE Healthcare Practice Solutions Group. He holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, Georgia.Peter Miros joined TD Bank as a Healthcare Specialist supporting the Northern New Jersey and New York City markets, based in Mahwah, New Jersey. Most recently, Miros was a healthcare banking business specialist at Citibank. He also has 15 years of healthcare and commercial business banking experience at PNC Bank. Miros holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania.These specialists join a team of nearly 20 professionals in TD Bank's healthcare lending and credit underwriting group, with additional lending specialists in the Long Island/New York City and Norfolk, Massachusetts, regions. Today's Other News\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. was 63.09000015258789 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "64.5",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "ACHC",
 "company": "Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc."
}