{
 "context": "The following article called 'AutoNation halts sales of recalled vehicles' was published on 2015-09-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFacebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest AutoNation halts sales of recalled vehicles AutoNation, the country's largest auto retailer, said Tuesday it will no longer sell any new or used vehicles under recall that have not been repaired. \"There's no way to expect that customers would or should Post to Facebook AutoNation halts sales of recalled vehicles AutoNation, the country's largest auto retailer, said Tuesday it will no longer sell any new or used vehicles under recall that have not been repaired. \"There's no way to expect that customers would or should Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1UFeXky Cancel Send A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs AutoNation halts sales of recalled vehicles Greg Gardner and Chris Woodyard, Detroit Free Press and USA TODAY 6:44 p.m. EDT September 8, 2015 Mike Jackson, CEO of AutoNation, poses at Mercedes-Benz of Fort Lauderdale. AutoNation has halted sales of vehicles under recall (Photo: WILFREDO LEE, AP) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT EMAIL MORE \nAutoNation, the country's largest auto retailer, said Tuesday it will no longer sell any new or used vehicles under recall that have not been repaired. \n\"There's no way to expect that customers would or should know of every safety recall on every vehicle they might purchase, so we will ensure that our vehicles have all recalls completed,\" said Mike Jackson, CEO of the Fort Lauderdale-based retailer. \"We make it our responsibility as a retailer to identify those vehicles and remove them from the market until their safety issues have been addressed.\" \nThe move comes after an unprecedented wave of recalls the last two years. That was partially driven by General Motors' delayed recall of about 2.5 million small cars from model years 2003 through 2007 that were equipped with defective ignition switches that could slip from the \"on\" to the \"accessory\" position, cutting off power to the vehicles other electrical systems, including power steering. \nThe defect was tied to 124 deaths. \nThe move was hailed by U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., who co-authored a bill to prevent used-car dealers from selling cars under recall, who said in a statement it is a \"significant, common-sense step to ensure its customers are not purchasing cars that put themselves, their families, and all others who share the roads at risk from potentially lethal safety defects.\" \nThe move comes, too, as the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is under pressure to be more aggressive in tracking safety problems and deciding when manufacturers should issue recalls. \nAutoNation, which operates 293 dealer franchises across the country, said the decision will come at significant cost because it will retain more inventory while the recall-related repairs are completed than it would before the policy was implemented. \nThe program applies to AutoNation's entire inventory, not just vehicles on the sales floor. The company has said it will not have any role in enabling these vehicles being on the road, including selling them at wholesale at used vehicle auctions or other markets. \nThe primary lobbying group for the nation's auto dealers didn't endorse AutoNation's decision. \nThere is no evidence that a blanket grounding of all used vehicles with open recalls will make the roads or consumers any safer,\" the National Automobile Dealers Association said in a statement. \"Unduly restricting the delivery of all used vehicles subject to safety recalls will, however, immediately and severely depress the value of consumer trades with unremedied safety recalls, especially when the dealer considering the value of the trade-in is unauthorized or unable to perform the recall remedy.\" Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1UFeXky TOP VIDEOS\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of AutoNation, Inc. was 58.77000045776367 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of AutoNation, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "58.650001525878906",
 "date": "2015-09-09",
 "ticker": "AN",
 "company": "AutoNation, Inc."
}