{
 "context": "The following article called 'Kosmos energy builds fish processing facility for Ekpu' was published on 2015-08-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  3 August 2015 17:00 CET Kosmos energy builds fish processing facility for Ekpu By GNA \nEkpu (W/R), Aug. 3, GNA - As part of efforts to enhance the livelihoods and build the capacity of local fish processors in its operational communities, Kosmos Energy Ghana has constructed a six-unit fish smoking facility for a women's group in Ekpu, in the Jomoro District of the Western Region. \nThe new and improved ovens will ensure faster processing time, reduce smoke emissions, and enable the women to work more efficiently while processing their fish. \nMore than 130 women in the association have also received training in a variety of areas including, but not limited to, business management and book-keeping; community outreach and creating sustainable partnerships; and occupational safety, hygiene and environmental management. \nThe focus of the project and training programme is to help ensure business continuity during the lean fishing season and prevent post-harvest losses during the high catch season. \nJoe Mensah, Vice President and Country Manager of Kosmos Energy Ghana said: 'We work with our communities to find ways to create sustainable businesses that will enhance livelihoods over the long term. This project uses a combination of new facilities and training to help people run their businesses more effectively.' \nThis new facility in Ekpu is the latest example of Kosmos Energy working together with communities to create value and build the best foundation for sustainable businesses. A similar facility was commissioned and handed over to a 152-member women's group in Ankobra, in the Ellembele District, in January 2014. \nKosmos Energy is a leading independent oil and gas exploration and production company focused on frontier and emerging areas along the Atlantic Margin. Its assets include existing production and other major development projects offshore Ghana, as well as exploration licenses with significant hydrocarbon potential offshore Ireland, Mauritania, Morocco, Portugal, Senegal, Suriname, and Western Sahara. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Kosmos Energy Ltd. was 6.873919486999512 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Kosmos Energy Ltd. was ",
 "expected": "6.597053050994873",
 "date": "2015-08-03",
 "ticker": "KOS",
 "company": "Kosmos Energy Ltd."
}