{
 "context": "The following article called 'AquaComms and Equinix to Create High Capacity Connection between New York and London' was published on 2015-08-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose One of the first transatlantic subsea cables built in nearly 15 years to meet increased bandwidth needs for global businesses \nREDWOOD CITY, Calif., Aug. 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Equinix, Inc. (Nasdaq: EQIX), the global interconnection and data center company , today announced that it is working with Aqua Comms Limited (AquaComms) , a provider of scalable, subsea capacity-based network solutions, on the deployment of its new transatlantic fiber optic system, America Europe Connect (AEConnect). Scheduled to be ready for service before the end of 2015, AEConnect, spanning more than 5,400 km across the Atlantic between Long Island, NY and the West Coast of Ireland with stubbed branching units for future landings, will provide high capacity connectivity from New York to London and beyond to greater Europe. \nEquinix'sNew York and London International Business Exchange (IBX\u00ae) data center campuses serve as carrier-neutral network access points for AquaComms to connect its low latency subsea cable route. This new connectivity between North America and London allows network service providers to be able to tap into economic opportunities stemming from a presence in two of the biggest commercial centers in the world. \nHighlights / Key Facts According to research by industry analyst firm TeleGeography, London (2) and New York (5) are in the top five global metros for peak international Internet traffic and the London to New York route is the second largest international Internet traffic route globally with multiple terabits of peak traffic. In its 2015 Global Bandwidth Research Service report, TeleGeography notes that private network bandwidth on the trans-Atlantic route eclipsed Internet bandwidth for the first time in history, rising to 13.9 Tbps and accounting for 56 percent of used bandwidth. Explosive growth in mobile, content delivery, video streaming, tele-presence, social media, and cloud-based data traffic offers tremendous revenue opportunities for high-margin corporate and retail services such as Ethernet and MPLS. To remain competitive, network operators are expanding their infrastructures to meet demand for these new services-and are turning to colocation data centers that not only offer all the network-to-network connectivity of a telehouse, but also act as aggregation points for concentrations of customers in network-centric industries. AquaComms' AEConnect is one of the first subsea cables between New York City and London in nearly 15 years and was specifically designed to meet the high growth of bandwidth requirements of global data centers, cloud-based networks, financial services market participants and content providers. With more than 52 Tbps of available capacity, the 100G compliant system will utilize the latest optical technologies to provide the most advanced subsea system, coupled with a control plane based on a SDN platform to serve bandwidth-intensive applications. Global businesses are increasing using more capacity to run IT operations including cloud-based applications. In both the New York and London markets Equinix offers direct connectivity to leading cloud service providers including AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform via the Equinix Cloud Exchange\u2122. These dedicated, private connections reduce network costs and provide higher, more consistent network performance than Internet-based connections for enterprise customers looking to build hybrid clouds . Earlier this year Equinix announced that it is boosting interconnection capacity by opening new data centers in five major markets including New York and London. Equinix'sNew York campus is the largest retail colocation campus in the New York metro and has a high interconnection rate, with more than 18,000 interconnections between businesses in this metro alone. By providing this increased capacity, Equinix expands its role in advancing the digital economy's interconnected era , in which businesses are demanding increasing levels of interconnection to accelerate business performance. \nQuotes Greg Varisco, chief operating officer, AquaComms:\"Responding to the demand AquaComms is seeing for high capacity, high reliability connectivity between North America and Europe, we made a strategic decision to deploy with Equinix. Their data centers in New York and London act as major international hubs for network traffic, offering our customers the ability to extend existing networks or expand into new markets.\" Tim Stronge, vice president, Research, TeleGeography:\"The international bandwidth market is undergoing a transformation. The traditional dynamic by which carriers link broadband users to global networks is still a core part of the market, but on the largest routes, content companies have overtaken carriers as the biggest bandwidth consumers. The largest content providers have become major customers of long-haul capacity as they expand their own internal networks. Increasingly, these entities have capacity requirements that exceed those of the largest carriers.\" Jim Poole, vice president, global service providers, Equinix:\"Equinix has the largest concentration of NSP/CSP's, financial, media and entertainment, gaming, e-Commerce customers available in our business ecosystems. This new bilateral submarine connectivity gives both Equinix and AquaComms' customers yet another choice for driving business advantage in today's global economy.\" \nAdditional Resources\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was 241.3799591064453 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "243.94313049316406",
 "date": "2015-08-17",
 "ticker": "EQIX",
 "company": "Equinix, Inc."
}