{
 "context": "The following article called 'VRA turns down request by Tullow to increase gas supply from Jubilee Field' was published on 2015-08-07. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBusiness & Finance | 7 August 2015 16:36 CET VRA turns down request by Tullow to increase gas supply from Jubilee Field By Joy Business \nJoy Business has gathered that state power generator has turned down a request by Tullow to supply gas from Jubilee Field for the T2 thermal plant in Takoradi. \nThis could have implications on utility tariffs and crude oil production at the jubilee field. \nSources say having completed works on the jubilee compressor, which broke down last month, Tullow Oil, is now willing to increase gas supplies from the current 54 million standard Cubic feet a day to about 120 million standard Cubic feet over the next three days. \nThis should mean that there will be more gas available for the Atuabo gas processing plant, for onward supply to Volta River Authority (VRA). \nIt will also reduce the cost of production, since gas is much cheaper compared to crude oil, a development that could possibly lead to a slight reduction in utility tariffs. \nHowever, managers of the T2 thermal plant Takoradi International Company (TICO), have turn down request by Tullow through the Ghana Gas Company to supply gas to the plant. \nThis means that Tullow might be forced to flare the gas, to ensure that the infrastructure on the Jubilee field is not affected or cut crude oil production. \nBut source close to VRA, which provides fuel for the T2 plant says the issue is more of a technical challenge than just an outright rejection. \nThe source says they were forced to turn to crude oil to power its plants, when they realized that it would be difficult to depend on Tullow for gas supply. \nThe source maintains that from the way its plants operate, it might be difficult to quickly switch from crude to gas, that is why they need some time before they start taking gas from the Atuobo processing plant.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vera Bradley, Inc. was 10.869999885559082 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vera Bradley, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "11.029999732971191",
 "date": "2015-08-07",
 "ticker": "VRA",
 "company": "Vera Bradley, Inc."
}