{
 "context": "The following article called '3 Reasons Why Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) Is a Great Growth Stock' was published on 2015-08-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done \nFinding a great growth stock can be a tough task. Not only are there a wide range of choices, but the space can be extremely volatile and fraught with risk as well. But thanks to our new style score system we have been able to identify a few growth stocks which have incredible potential in the near term. \nOne such company that stands out in this regard is undoubtedly Valero Energy Corporation (VLO). Not only does this company have a favorable growth score, but it is ranked as a buy too. And while there are numerous reasons why VLO is so attractive right now, we have highlighted three of the most important\u2014and pertinent to growth investors\u2014below: \nEarnings Growth for VLO \nArguably nothing is more important than earnings growth as surging profit levels is what most investors are after. And for growth investors, earnings growth in the double digits is definitely necessary and it is often an indication of strong prospects (and stock price gains) ahead for the company in question. \nWhile VLO has put up a historical EPS growth rate of 33.52%, investors should really focus on the projected growth. Here, VLO is looking to grow at a rate of 19.99%, thoroughly crushing the industry average which calls for EPS growth of just 11.83%in comparison. \nCash Flow Growth for VLO \nCash is the lifeblood of any business, but especially so for growth oriented companies. A positive figure here indicates that cash is flowing into the business (obviously a good thing), while a negative reading here means that net cash is exiting the company. \nRight now, VLO\u2019s current cash flow growth is an impressive 26.44%, a level that is far higher than many of its peers, and the industry average. In fact, the industry average sees cash flow growth of just 5.54% in comparison, suggesting that VLO is a better pick from a cash flow look. \nVLO Earnings Estimate Revisions Moving in the Right Direction \nIf the metrics outlined above weren\u2019t enough investors should also consider the positive trends that we are seeing on the analyst estimate revision front. Analysts have been raising their estimates for Valero Energy Corporation lately, and now the earnings picture is looking a bit more favorable for the company. \nOver the past 60 days 9 EPS estimates have been revised higher compared to only 1 lower, at least for the current year time frame. And the magnitude of these revisions has also been impressive, as the consensus estimate for the full year has surged from $6.95 per share to $8.02 per share today. \nBottom Line \nFor the reasons outlined above, investors shouldn\u2019t be surprised to note that Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) has earned itself a growth score of \u2018A\u2019 as well as a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). This means that we believe Valero Energy Corporation stock is a potential outperformer that is an impressive choice for growth investors, making it a security that you need to keep on your radar in the near term. \nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >> \nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Valero Energy Corporation was 50.83781433105469 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Valero Energy Corporation was ",
 "expected": "44.23833084106445",
 "date": "2015-08-21",
 "ticker": "VLO",
 "company": "Valero Energy Corporation"
}