{
 "context": "The following article called 'Why Earnings Season Could Be Great for S&T Bancorp (STBA) - July 20, 2015 ...' was published on 2015-07-20. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nYou have chosen to follow this author. You will receive an email notification when this author publishes a new article. Click submit to continue. You are alredy following the Author \nThe Author could not be added at this time, please try again later. If problem persists, please contact Zacks Customer support. Please Login Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and S&T Bancorp Inc. ( STBA - Snapshot Report ) may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report. That is because S&T Bancorp is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings\u2014with the most up-to-date information possible\u2014is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for STBA in this report. In fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at 50 cents per share for STBA, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of 49 cents per share. This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for STBA, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of 2.04% heading into earnings season. Why is this Important? A positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10 year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here ). Given that STBA has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for S&T Bancorp, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >>\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of S&T Bancorp, Inc. was 25.4423885345459 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of S&T Bancorp, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "26.222326278686523",
 "date": "2015-07-20",
 "ticker": "STBA",
 "company": "S&T Bancorp, Inc."
}