{
 "context": "The following article called 'Traders Await Fed, Wonder if Barrons Trashed Alibaba Unfairly' was published on 2015-09-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nReprint \nNEW YORK ( TheStreet ) -- The S&P 500 ETF ( SPY ) is down roughly 0.5% on Monday, but investors are mostly focused on whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this week. \nOn CNBC's \"Fast Money Halftime\" show, Joseph Terranova, senior managing partner at Virtus Investment Partners, said he's not looking to do too much ahead of the meeting -- and many other investors are likely doing the same. It will be interesting to hear what Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen's views will be on commodities and emerging markets. \nInvestors remain focused on the macro environment, which is the big picture view of China, Europe and the potential rate hike, according to Pete Najarian, co-founder of optionmonster.com and trademonster.com. Because of a fuzzy macro outlook, the CBOE Volatility Index ( VIX.X ) remains elevated, near $25, and deservedly so. \nInvestors looking to take advantage of the volatility can buy stocks. They can then look to sell options against those positions, because the options will have elevated prices due to the higher volatility, Najarian explained. \nMust Read: Warren Buffett's Top 10 Dividend Stocks \nOil volatility will likely remain high, too, he added. \nThat's exactly why Stephanie Link, portfolio manager at TIAA-CREF, is focused more on individual companies than on the macro environment. Many companies are doing fine, and in particular, airlines and consumer-discretionary stocks stood out as winners, she said. \nAndrew Berkly, head of institution portfolio strategy at Oppenheimer Asset Management, said investors should expect the strong U.S. dollar and an higher interest-rate environment to continue. In regards to specific stocks, he likes Amazon ( AMZN - Get Report ) , Bank of America ( BAC - Get Report ) , Valero ( VLO - Get Report ) and HollyFrontier ( HFC ) . \nLink said she likes Amazon, because its margins are improving and the company is showing that it can more properly balance its spending and profitability. \nJosh Brown, CEO and co-founder of Ritholtz Wealth Management, said the stock market is \"rapidly reaching a resolution point,\" with the Fed's decision just days away. If the Fed can raise rates, but put a dovish spin on it during its press conference, it could fuel a relief rally. \nUntil stocks move meaningfully higher, however, they appear to be trapped in a downtrend, Brown said. 1 of 2\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 140.67230224609375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "143.3911590576172",
 "date": "2015-09-14",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}