{
 "context": "The following article called 'Minister commends GRA for Single Window operation' was published on 2015-09-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  9 September 2015 17:00 CET Minister commends GRA for Single Window operation By GNA \nAccra, Sept. 9, GNA - The Minister of Finance, Mr Seth Tepker has commanded the Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA), Customs Division for their coordination in the implementation of the National Single Window System. \nThe Customs Division on September 1, 2015, begun the implementation of the National Single Window system, which serves as a common platform for stakeholders to process their documents to facilitate trade and reduce the cost and time in import, export and transit trade. \nMr Tepker was speaking during a visit to the new Valuation and Classification Centre at the Customs Division Head Office to see the progress of work after the Customs took over these function from the Destinations and Inspection Companies (DICs) in Accra. \nHe said the decision to take these function from the DICs was in accordance with the World Trade Orgnaisation agreement on customs valuation aimed at a fair, uniform and neutral system for the valuation of goods for customs purposes. \nThe Minister commended the staff of the DICs for the immense work done in the past, urging them to take advantage of the employment opportunities at the Customs Division to be part of the new system. \nUnder the System, Customs takes over the classification and valuation function, which was currently being handled by the DICs. \nThe new system would adopt a collaborative approach, where customs, freight forwarders, brokers, and other stakeholders, work together to provide services to Ghana's Trading Community, supported by service providers such as GCNet, West Blue Consulting and Scanning Companies. \nThe arrangement is to create a synergy that utilises the core competencies of each of the stakeholders to implement a seamless, efficient and user-friendly e-clearance regime in a National Single Window environment. \nMr Kuudamnuru John Vianney, acting Commissioner, Customs Division, said users must register online to be able to process their import declaration forms. \nHe said since the takeover of these function from the DICs, Customs Division had been able to process over 100 Customs Classification and Valuation Reports. \nHe said officers of the Division have been able to learn fast on the systems to provide better, effective and efficient service to the trading community. \nHe, therefore, called on importers and other stakeholders to provide adequate and accurate information during the registration process for speed valuation and classification of their documents. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of ConAgra Foods, Inc. was 27.493200302124023 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of ConAgra Foods, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "27.104581832885742",
 "date": "2015-09-09",
 "ticker": "CAG",
 "company": "ConAgra Foods, Inc."
}