{
 "context": "The following article called 'Feds allow Shell to drill for oil in Arctic Ocean off Alaska' was published on 2015-08-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTue, Aug 18, 2015, 5:27 AM AEST - Australia Markets open in 4 hrs 33 mins Feds allow Shell to drill for oil in Arctic Ocean off Alaska Feds allow Shell to drill for oil in Arctic Ocean off Alaska for first time in 20-plus years By Dan Joling, Associated Press | Associated Press \u2013 15 minutes ago Recommend Print \nANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) -- The federal government on Monday gave Royal Dutch Shell the final permit it needs to drill for oil in the Arctic Ocean off Alaska's northwest coast for the first time in more than two decades. \nThe Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement announced that it approved the permit to drill below the ocean floor after the oil giant brought in a required piece of equipment to stop a possible well blowout. \nThe agency previously allowed Shell to begin drilling only the top sections of two wells in the Chukchi Sea because the key equipment, called a capping stack, was stuck on a vessel that needed repair in Portland, Oregon. \nSince the vessel arrived last week, Shell is free to drill into oil-bearing rock, estimated at 8,000 feet below the ocean floor, for the first time since its last exploratory well was drilled in 1991. \n\"Activities conducted offshore Alaska are being held to the highest safety, environmental protection, and emergency response standards,\" agency Director Brian Salerno said in a statement Monday. \"We will continue to monitor their work around the clock to ensure the utmost safety and environmental stewardship.\" \nEnvironmental groups oppose Arctic offshore drilling, saying industrial activity will harm polar bears, Pacific walrus, ice seals and threatened whales already vulnerable from climate warming and shrinking summer sea ice. They say oil companies have not demonstrated that they can clean up a spill in water choked by ice. \nThe U.S. Geological Survey estimates that U.S. Arctic waters hold 26 billion barrels of recoverable oil, and Shell is eager to explore in a basin that company officials say could be a \"game changer\" for domestic production. \nShell bid $2.1 billion on Chukchi Sea leases in 2008 and has spent upward of $7 billion on exploration there and in the Beaufort Sea off Alaska's north coast. \nShell hopes to drill two exploration wells during the short 2015 open-water season. It has until late September, when all work must stop. It has two drill vessels and about 28 support vessels in the Chukchi Sea. \nThe permit to drill deep into the ocean hinged on the arrival of a capping stack, which is a roughly 30-foot device that can be lowered over a wellhead to act like a spigot to stop a blowout. The government requires Shell to have the device ready to use within 24 hours of a blowout. \nThe capping stack sits on a 380-foot icebreaker that suffered hull damage July 3 as it left Dutch Harbor, a port in the Aleutian Islands. The vessel named the Fennica was repaired in Portland, Oregon, and briefly delayed from leaving July 30 by Greenpeace protesters in climbing gear hanging from a bridge over the Willamette River. \nThe Fennica reached the drill site 70 miles off Alaska's northwest coast Aug. 11. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was 24.014299392700195 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was ",
 "expected": "24.375186920166016",
 "date": "2015-08-17",
 "ticker": "SHLX",
 "company": "Shell Midstream Partners, L.P."
}