{
 "context": "The following article called 'Will the Virtual Credit Card Really Be Fraud-Proof?' was published on 2015-10-12. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWill the Virtual Credit Card Really Be Fraud-Proof? Written by: Gabrielle Pickard Whitehead 10/12/15 - 2:26 PM EDT NEW YORK (MainStreet) \u2014 A Johannesburg financial tech company has developed an app that enables users to create a credit card number from their mobile phone, generating a virtual credit card for every online purchase. During a time when credit card fraud is rising , the app is likely to be welcomed, but will it really be fraud-proof? \nZazoo, a subsidiary of Net1, a leading electronic payment system provider, has generated an app known as VCpay. Users download the app and then upload money onto it by depositing funds into an account via a bank or credit card, or by using EasyPay cashpoints. Users then generate a credit card number, creating a VCpay Virtual Prepaid MasterCard on their phone and can use it to make purchases that do not require a physical card. \nAs the VCpay website says, by creating virtual credit card numbers, users never expose their true account number, thus helping to secure their identity and account from fraud. Furthermore, with no bill to pay at the end of the month, VCpay users don\u2019t run the risk of acquiring late fees. To sign-up for the prepaid system, no bank details are required, and the company does not perform credit checks. \nAs well as paying for goods online, the new banking app provides a full mobile banking solution, enabling users to check their balance, view transactions and locate their nearest loading provider. More Headlines\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of MainStreet Bancshares, Inc. was 11.047618865966797 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of MainStreet Bancshares, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "10.2380952835083",
 "date": "2015-10-12",
 "ticker": "MNSB",
 "company": "MainStreet Bancshares, Inc."
}