{
 "context": "The following article called 'Obama pushes for more U.S. ice-breaking might in Arctic' was published on 2015-09-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n(Adds comment from General Dynamics) \nBy Roberta Rampton \nANCHORAGE, Alaska, Sept 1 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday proposed a faster timetable for buying a new heavy icebreaker for the U.S (Other OTC: UBGXF - news ) . Arctic, where quickly melting sea ice has spurred more maritime traffic and the United States has fallen far behind Russian resources. \nThe move, part of a push to convince Americans to support Obama's plans to curb climate change, has long been urged by Arctic advocates as climate change opens up the region to more shipping, mining and oil drilling. \nThe announcement came as Obama heads to the coastal town of Seward, named after Secretary of State William Seward, who negotiated the purchase of Alaska in 1867 from Russia. \nIn the first step of Obama's new timetable, the government would buy a heavy icebreaker by 2020 instead of the previous goal of 2022. The United States used to have seven icebreakers, but the fleet has dwindled to three creaky vessels, only one of which is a heavy-duty vessel, the White House said. \n\"Russia, on the other hand, has 40 icebreakers and another 11 planned or under construction,\" it said. \nObama will have to convince Congress to pick up the tab for any new icebreakers, each of which comes with a price tag of about $1 billion. \n\"The devil, as always, will be in the funding and procurement details,\" said Heather Conley of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, who has studied the need for more Arctic icebreakers. \nThe region also needs enhanced navigation aids, satellite communications, deep water ports and other related investments not mentioned in the White House announcement, Conley noted. \nAt a time of dwindling big-ticket weapons programs, Obama's announcement lays the groundwork for the U.S. Coast Guard to launch a competition to build a new icebreaker. \n\"Great powers should have the capabilities for playing a role in the theater,\" said Malte Humpert, the head of the Arctic Institute, a think tank. \"Russia is ready for anything that happens in the Arctic, and China is getting ready to have those capabilities.\" \nAs the Arctic opens to more shipping, tourism and oil drilling, the United States risks not having enough capacity to carry out search and rescue and oil spill response missions. \nHuntington Ingalls Industries Inc (NYSE: HII - news ) , which built the newest U.S. ice breaker and delivered it in 1999, said it was keen to bid on new hardened ships for the Coast Guard. \nGeneral Dynamics Corp, the other large U.S. military shipbuilder and a possible bidder in an ice breaker competition, said it was also very interested, and touted its expertise in manufacturing heavy- and medium-weight steel commercial ships. \nThe company that built the other existing U.S. icebreakers, Lockheed Shipbuilding and Construction, has exited the business and its shipyard was shut down in 1988. \nIt (Other OTC: ITGL - news ) usually takes up to 10 years to build an icebreaker. It was not immediately clear when any proposed new vessel might be ready. \nThe White House also said the government should start planning for additional vessels. The Coast Guard has previously recommended it needs eight icebreakers, although no administration budget has yet included the huge funding request. \nCoast Guard officials have said other agencies will have to chip in to help finance the purchase of new icebreakers. \n(Additional reporting by Andrea Shalal and Timothy Gardner in Washington, and Steve Quinn in Juneau, Alaska; Editing by Alan Crosby, Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of General Dynamics Corporation was 120.81858825683594 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of General Dynamics Corporation was ",
 "expected": "124.7504653930664",
 "date": "2015-09-02",
 "ticker": "GD",
 "company": "General Dynamics Corporation"
}