{
 "context": "The following article called 'Europe close: Weak Chinese data takes it toll amid BIS warning' was published on 2015-09-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n115.14 +0.93 \nLONDON (ShareCast) - (ShareCast News) - European stocks ended mostly lower on Monday as soft Chinese data over the weekend took its toll with a weak start on Wall Street adding to the selling pressure at the start of a week which could see the Federal Reserve raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade. The benchmark Stoxx Europe 600 index finished 0.57% lower, while Germany's DAX managed to close the day out up by 0.08% but France's CAC 40 was down 0.67%. \nShares (Berlin: DI6.BE - news ) in China fell as weak industrial output figures overshadowed better-than-expected retail sales data for August. \nOn Sunday, Beijing outlined a plan to improve the competitiveness of the country's state-owned enterprises by allowing them to add private investors, but even this wasn't enough to lift the overall mood. \nThe main focus this week will be on the Federal Reserve, as the two-day Open Market Committee meeting culminates on Thursday with a decision on interest rates. If the Fed does hike interest rates, it would the first major central bank in the Western world to do so since the global financial crisis. \nOn Sunday, the Bank for International Settlements warned of the tensions that had built up along the financial faultlines between emerging and developed economies as corporates from the former built up US dollar-denominated debts on the back of Fed stimulus. \n\"This is\u2009\u2009a world in which interest rates have been extraordinarily low for exceptionally long and in which financial markets have worryingly come to depend on central banks' every word and deed, in turn complicating the needed policy normalisation,\" said Claudio Borio, head of the BIS' Monetary and Economic Department. \nBanks move lower In terms of corporate news, banks were in focus. Royal Bank of Scotland (LSE: RBS.L - news ) dropped even after it emerged over the weekend that it has hired Bank of America Merrill Lynch to prepare a spinoff of its William & Glyn retail branches in 2016. \nSpain's Banco de Sabadell nudged into the red following reports the bank is looking to make an \u20ac18bn bid for mortgage asset portfolios from North Rock and Bradford & Bingley. \nCredit Suisse (Other OTC: CDSSF - news ) was also in the spotlight after a newspaper report that it intends to sell its US private bank. \nElsewhere, Airbus slid despite news it plans to overtake Boeing (NYSE: BA - news ) the in the US by opening its first jet production site there. \nSwatch was also lower, although chief executive Nick Hayek told a newspaper he wasn't concerned by economic and market turbulence in China. \nChipmaker ARM Holdings rallied ahead of its Analyst Day on Tuesday, with traders pointing to positive read-across from an upbeat Barron's article on the outlook for Apple (NasdaqGS: AAPL - news ) , for which it supplies chips. \nOn the macro front, figures released earlier showed industrial production in the Eurozone rose more than expected in July, driven by a sharp increase in output in three of the region's largest economies. \nFrench output on the other hand left some analysts worried about the vigour of the euro area's second largest economy. \nFront month Brent crude futures ended the session down by 3.46% to $46.53 per barrel on the ICE.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Aurora Cannabis Inc. was 3.072000026702881 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Aurora Cannabis Inc. was ",
 "expected": "3.072000026702881",
 "date": "2015-09-14",
 "ticker": "ACB",
 "company": "Aurora Cannabis Inc."
}