{
 "context": "The following article called 'Liberia: Arcelormittal Gets New CEO' was published on 2015-07-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNigeria: Why Buhari Sacked Boards \n\"He also has over 30 years of experience in the mining and mineral industry, starting his career in 1981 at BHP Billiton, where he held a number of positions in mines in Australia and Indonesia and other commercial offices globally until 2002,\" the release noted. \nThe release further noted that he joined Destra Consulting Group as Partner before becoming Chief Marketing Officer for Ferrexpoplc based in Hong Kong and Switzerland in 2006. \nCommenting, Lakshmi Mittal, Chairman and CEO, said Simon has proved as a strong operator since he joined the group in 2011, and was a clear choice to take up the position of CEO. \n\"He knows our mining assets very well and fully understands the priorities for the business in the current operating environment. He is supported by a very strong leadership team and I am confident he will build on the excellent progress Bill has made in optimising the performance of the asset-base, specifically increasing marketable shipments and reducing costs through debottlenecking and efficiency improvements,\" Lakshmi Mittal said, also indicating: \"I would also like to take this opportunity to thank Bill, who has been a tremendous asset to ArcelorMittal over the past thirteen years and has made a considerable contribution to our company. I wish him every success for the future.\" \nThe new CEO of ArcelorMittal, Simon Wandke, described his promotion as CEO of ArcelorMittal Mining as a great honour for him, and was looking forward to the challenge. \n\"We are currently operating in a tough market environment and must ensure we continue to be disciplined in all aspects of our mining operations, building on the excellent progress we have made with our cost reduction and production optimisation measures,\" stressing: \"ArcelorMittal has world-class mining assets and a valued and talented team, and I am sure we will continue to deliver strong and consistent progress.\" Liberia \nM\u00e9decins Sans Fronti\u00e8res' (MSF) response to the largest Ebola outbreak in history began more than 16 \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 The New Dawn. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Arcelor Mittal was 26.18926429748535 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Arcelor Mittal was ",
 "expected": "25.89632225036621",
 "date": "2015-07-17",
 "ticker": "MT",
 "company": "Arcelor Mittal"
}