{
 "context": "The following article called 'MoneyGram Offers Reduced Fees for Dominica in Wake of Tropical Storm Erika' was published on 2015-09-10. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nDALLAS, Sept. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- MoneyGram (NASDAQ:MGI), a global provider of money transfer and payment services, is offering reduced fees for all transactions from 26 countries* to the Dominica to aid in the recovery from Tropical Storm Erika. \nBeginning today, fees for sending to Dominica have been lowered to one local currency unit per send for any amount up to $10,000 through the end of September for consumers in the U.S.,UK, Canada and other countries in the Caribbean*. In addition to the transfer fee, a currency exchange rate applies. The reduced fees are available at all MoneyGram agent locations and online at www.MoneyGram.com . \n\"While the storm is over, the people of Dominica will continue to feel the effects of Erika for months to come, and we feel that it is our duty to provide relief during this time of need,\" said Pete Ohser, MoneyGram's executive vice president of business development. \"The entire MoneyGram family is committed to helping the island return to a sense of normalcy, and it is our hope that these reduced transfer rates and future education grants will contribute to the overall efforts in helping to restore the island's infrastructure and way of life.\" \nThousands of people remain homeless in the wake of Tropical Storm Erika, which has set the country back two decades according to Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit. \nThe MoneyGram Foundation will also assist in the rebuilding of schools and other educational resources for those communities devastated by the storm. Focused on education, the foundation has rebuilt schools and provided much needed educational resources in areas around the world affected by natural disasters over the past two years. \n#moneygramnews \n*Countries offering the special pricing include: United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Aruba, Anguilla, Antigua, Bahamas, Bermuda, Curacao, Cayman Islands, St. Maarten, Dominica, Grenada, Haiti, Jamaica, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Montserrat, Turks and Caicos Islands, Trinidad and Tobago, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guyana, Suriname, Belize \nAbout MoneyGram International, Inc. \nMoneyGram is a global provider of innovative money transfer and payment services and is recognized worldwide as a financial connection to friends and family. Whether online, or through a mobile device, at a kiosk or in a local store, we connect consumers any way that is convenient for them. We also provide bill payment services, issue money orders and process official checks in select markets. More information about MoneyGram International, Inc. is available at moneygram.com . \nTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/moneygram-offers-reduced-fees-for-dominica-in-wake-of-tropical-storm-erika-300140596.html \nSOURCE MoneyGram\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was 8.949999809265137 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "8.789999961853027",
 "date": "2015-09-10",
 "ticker": "MGI",
 "company": "Moneygram International, Inc."
}