{
 "context": "The following article called 'Juan C. Ros, CFP, Promoted To Vice President At Lamia Financial Group' was published on 2015-07-31. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nJuan C. Ros, CFP, Promoted To Vice President At Lamia Financial Group Specializes in financial planning and philanthropy THOUSAND OAKS, CA, July 31,   Lamia Financial Group, Inc. announces that Juan C. Ros has been named vice president for financial planning and philanthropy. Ros, who holds the CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER designation, joined the Thousand Oaks-based firm in 2012. \"Juan is an integral part of the firm, both in the relationships he has with our clients and in his knowledge of financial planning and charitable strategies,\" said Christopher Lamia, president and CEO of Lamia Financial Group. \"This appointment merely cements the excellent work Juan has already been doing for the firm and for our clients.\" Ros worked as a nonprofit gift planner for 11 years before joining Lamia Financial Group and heads up the firm's philanthropy division, which develops creative strategies using philanthropy to assist clients with meeting their charitable goals. In addition, Ros chairs the firm's Financial Planning Committee that evaluates new trends and techniques in the ever-evolving field of financial planning. He is a member of the Financial Planning Association of Ventura County, Conejo Valley Estate Planning Council, ProVisors, and the Partnership for Philanthropic Planning of Greater Los Angeles. He serves as secretary of the board for Make-A-Wish Tri-Counties and is a member of the Advisory Council of the Central Coast for the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation. Prior to joining Lamia Financial Group, Juan worked for over a decade at various nonprofit organizations. He writes a blog on charitable topics at http://www.SpreadingtheWealthBlog.com.Lamia Financial Group, Inc., is an independent, fee-only wealth management firm headquartered in Thousand Oaks, Calif. Founded in 2008 by Christopher Lamia, CFP , Lamia Financial Group provides financial planning expertise to individuals and families across the country in investment management, tax planning, retirement planning, asset protection, and charitable giving using a unique consultative process called Total Client 360 . The company was recently named one of the Top Money Managers by the San Fernando Valley Business Journal. For more information, call (805) 494-3416 or visit http://www.lamiafinancialgroup.com. # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ambac Financial Group, Inc. was 16.309999465942383 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ambac Financial Group, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "15.5",
 "date": "2015-07-31",
 "ticker": "AMBC",
 "company": "Ambac Financial Group, Inc."
}