{
 "context": "The following article called 'Namibia: Cuban Doctor Jets in to Testify in Murder Case' was published on 2015-10-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSouthern Africa: Universal Health Care a Tall Order Given Poor Region's Finances Windhoek \u2014 A Cuban doctor who performed the autopsy on Loretta Kruger, who was allegedly killed by her boyfriend Gregory Kangandjera in 2010, started his testimony in the Windhoek High Court yesterday before Judge Nate Ndauendapo. Kangandjera's trial had been on hold while the State tried to secure the attendance of Dr Raul Ramirez Salas, who had returned to his native Cuba after a two-year stint in Namibia. Kangandjera, 37, is facing one charge of murder, one charge of assault and one count of defeating or obstructing the course of justice. The State alleges Kangandjera killed Kruger, his girlfriend of three months, who was 33 at the time of her death, at Groot Aub village during the period November 13 to 18 2010. He is also charged with assault for allegedly slapping Ipuleni Natangwe on November 13 2010, and defeating or obstructing the course of justice as a result of him allegedly tying a rope around the neck of Kruger and a tree branch, and then reporting to the police and the community that she committed suicide. Salas informed the court that he found multiple scars all over the body of the deceased, which could indicate her body was dragged. He further said he found contusions in the face and eyes of the deceased as well as hemorrhaging in her brain. The doctor further said that seven of the deceased's ribs were broken, three on the left side and four on the right side. According to the doctor, he also found a scar on the neck of the deceased, which indicated that she died as a result of strangulation. He however dismissed the idea the deceased could have committed suicide by hanging as the scar around her neck was horizontal and not vertical. This indicated she was strangled, the doctor said. He further said the deceased could not have been in a position to hang herself as she must have been in severe pain due to her broken ribs and was not in a position to lift her arms above her head. Salas further told the court he had no doubt the deceased was strangled and said the severe beatings he observed on her body were delivered while she was still alive. Kangandjera pleaded not guilty at the start of his trial and informed the judge he would not disclose the basis of his defence.However from instructions put to state witnesses by his state funded lawyer, Josua Kaumbi, it seemed he is sticking with his claim the deceased killed herself by hanging. Residents of Groot Aub staged a demonstration in front of the Rehoboth Magistrate's Court during Kangandjera's first appearance demanding that he be remanded in custody without bail until his trial. Kruger was pregnant at the time of her death and left behind five children. State Advocate Palmer Khumalo is appearing on behalf of the State and the case continues. Namibia \nThe ruling Swapo Party is intent on pushing for free tertiary education in priority sectors such as medicine, \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 New Era. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation was 7.327643871307373 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation was ",
 "expected": "7.206094741821289",
 "date": "2015-10-23",
 "ticker": "ACRE",
 "company": "Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation"
}