{
 "context": "The following article called 'Jobs Report Should Boost Fed's Plan to Hike Rates This Year' was published on 2015-09-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nJobs Report Should Boost Fed's Plan to Hike Rates This Year Written by: Peter Morici 09/30/15 - 8:53 AM EDT \nNEW YORK (TheStreet) -- On Friday the U.S. Labor Department is expected to report the economy added 203,000 jobs in September. The data should further support Federal Reserve plans to raise interest rates before the end of this year. \nBouncing back from a harsh winter, GDP grew at a 3.9% annual rate in the second quarter. The balance of this year and next, growth is expected to moderate to 2.5% to 2.8%, but that is still considerably better than the first six years of the economic recovery. \nDespite stock market jitters and manufacturing hard hit by a strong dollar and retrenchment in the oil sector, consumer spending continues to increase at a strong pace. More Headlines Dick\u2019s Sporting Goods Could Get a Boost From E-Commerce \nOverall household balance sheets are in their best shape since the recovery began. Stock prices are down but home values are up and ordinary consumers have learned to be more cautious about carrying large credit card balances. \nLow interest rates are expected to boost growth by encouraging consumers to purchase new homes , automobiles and appliances, and businesses to finance new investments in plant and equipment. As the Fed raises the federal funds rate -- the overnight bank borrowing rate -- the impact on mortgage rates will be minimal and should not derail new home construction. The auto and appliance sectors have largely recovered from the Great Recession and no longer need support from rock bottom rates. Business spending on plant and equipment remains weak by the standards of past economic recoveries, but that has more to do with structural shifts in the economy than interest rates. Businesses are learning to more effectively use machines for multiple purposes. For example, a single 3D-printer can be used to create a diverse range of products. Feliance on software to control devices permits engineers to merely reprogram machines rather replace those as needs change. Although inflation remains well below the Fed's 2% target, Fed policymakers continue to express optimism that the pace of price increases will accelerate as oil markets tighten and slack industrial capacity is absorbed. 1\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 132.15261840820312 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "134.74114990234375",
 "date": "2015-09-30",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}