{
 "context": "The following article called 'Dynamics GP - Financial Analyst - Stamford, CT - $55k-$75k at Nigel Frank International (Stamford, CT)' was published on 2015-08-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSource: Dice JOB DESCRIPTION Dynamics GP - Financial Analyst - Stamford, CT - 55k-75k The Position A large GP end user is looking for a highly motivated, deadline oriented, and hands-on individual to join their team as a Financial Analyst. The ideal candidate will be the type of person who is not afraid to roll up their sleeves and put in the time to help make the company successful. Responsibilities include but are not limited to -Experience working hands-on with GL, AP, AR within MS Dynamics GP -Assist in detailed financial models monthly and yearly -Assist in weekly cash forecast process -Consolidate weekly Cash Forecast reports from US as well as International regions -Analyze and explain in detail what changes need to be made -Track and maintain monthly PL and balance sheet activity -Assist in preparation of Board of Director's reports -Become expert on FPA's Business Intelligence tool to assist in special projectsAnalysis -Develop, maintain, and distribute ad-hoc reports and financial models This is a perfect opportunity for a young, up and coming Jr Developer to enhance their skills with the most recent technologies and grow within a great company!! We are looking to fill this position ASAP! If you have the necessary Dynamics GP Great Plains experience, please APPLY NOW and contact Tim at 212-731-8272, or t.caulfieldnigelfrank.com Nigel Frank International is the global leader for Microsoft Dynamics recruitment, advertising more Great Plains Dynamics GP jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics market, I have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and Great Plains MS Dynamics GP jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics GP Great Plains candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Dynamics market and some of the opportunities and MS Dynamics GP Great Plains jobs that are available I can be contacted at 1-415-580-3000. Please see www.nigelfrank.com for more fantastic Microsoft Dynamics opportunities! Nigel Frank International Inc. is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Dynamics GP - Financial Analyst - Stamford, CT - $55k-$75k\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation was 12.456686019897461 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation was ",
 "expected": "11.857718467712402",
 "date": "2015-08-01",
 "ticker": "AP",
 "company": "Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation"
}