{
 "context": "The following article called 'Stratasys' Displays at T-PLAS to Boost 3D Printing Adoption' was published on 2015-08-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  Stratasys Ltd. SSYS is showcasing its 3D printing solutions at the International Trade Fair for the Plastics and Rubber Industries (T-PLAS) in Bangkok, Thailand which started yesterday and will run through Aug 29. We believe that the company intends to increase awareness about 3D printing capabilities in the area of designing and manufacturing by participating in the fair. According to the company, it will showcase its \u201clatest FDM and PolyJetTM 3D printers and applications from Rapid Prototyping to Direct Digital Manufacturing\u201d, which will help businesses quicken the design and manufacturing processes, and thereby gain a competitive advantage. Ido Eylon,   Southern Asia and Pacific, believes that being a major market for plastics manufacturing in the South East Asia region, Thailand offers huge potential for 3D printing solutions in automotive, healthcare and medical equipment industries. Therefore, the demonstration of 3D printers\u2019 capabilities in the area of designing and manufacturing processes will create awareness in the local market. We believe that this may be part of Stratasys\u2019 strategy to accelerate the adoption of 3D technology. Last month, the company announced that it will make its wholly owned subsidiary MakerBot\u2019s Replicator Mini Compact 3D Printer available in all the 600+ Sam\u2019s Club stores across the U.S. Earlier, these were available at select Sam\u2019s Club stores. Sam\u2019s Club is a membership-only retail warehouse outlet, owned and operated by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT. It is one of the primary retailers of MakerBot products and caters to professionals, small business owners, entrepreneurs, educators and others interested in 3D printing technology. The availability of the printer is likely to make desktop 3D printing technology more accessible to retail shoppers, in turn, boosting its adoption. It is to be noted that over the past three quarters, Stratasys has been witnessing sluggish top line and bottom line performance mainly due to weak sales at MakerBot. Notably, a major revenue contributor, MakerBot has been witnessing soft sales growth due to decrease in capital spending by clients, particularly in North America, and unfavorable currency exchange rates. Therefore, by demonstrating its products at T-PLAS will accelerate 3D adoption through increasing awareness, while reducing dependency on North American region by penetrating in the fast growing South East Asia region. Furthermore, these initiatives will help Stratasys to grab more market share as the prospect of 3D printing industry appears bright. According to a report by Canalys, an independent research firm, the industry is projected to grow a whopping 56% in total sales this year, reaching $5.2 billion from $3.3 billion last year. Currently, Stratasys carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). A couple of better-ranked stocks in the technology sector are Open Text Corporation OTEX and Xplore Technologies Corp. XPLR. Both the stocks sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 56.4547233581543 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "56.5505256652832",
 "date": "2015-08-27",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}