{
 "context": "The following article called 'Will Oil Spill on Mississippi River Affect Valero (VLO)?' was published on 2015-09-04. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done Since Wednesday evening, part of the Mississippi River was closed as crew investigated an oil spill caused by the collision of two boats. The collision occurred near Columbus, KY and damaged a barge carrying clarified slurry oil. The cargo tank was ruptured, causing thousands of gallons of oil to spill into the river.The question now arises is if this will have any impact on the energy industry. The nearest facility in the vicinity of the collision is Valero Energy Corp. \u2019s VLO Memphis refinery. The refinery sends most of its oil products out by truck and some by barge. In the event of continued disruption of traffic via river, the traffic can easily be rerouted via truck.The Memphis refinery was originally constructed in 1941 with numerous expansions to its present rated capacity of 195,000 barrels per day (BPD) of light, low-sulfur crude oil. Since the refinery's acquisition in 2005, Valero has invested more than $245 million in upgrading it to a modern and highly efficient facility.Crude oil is supplied to the refinery through the Capline Pipeline and can also be transported, along with other feedstocks, by barge. Products are primarily distributed via truck-loading racks at three product terminals, barges and a pipeline directly to the Memphis airport. Since the refinery is well connected by road, we see no immediate reason for investors to fear damages to Valero\u2019s business from the Mississippi River mishap.Valero Energy is an international manufacturer and marketer of transportation fuels, petrochemical products and power. The company employs approximately 10,000 people, and assets include 15 petroleum refineries with a combined throughput capacity of approximately 2.9 million barrels per day, 11 ethanol plants with a combined production capacity of 1.3 billion gallons per year, and a 50-megawatt wind farm. Valero is the general partner of Valero Energy Partners LP VLP, a midstream master limited partnership.Valero projects total capital spending for 2015 at around $2.65 billion. About $1.5 billion of the above-mentioned capital spending is apportioned for stay-in-business capital and the other $1.15 billion is for growth investments. It, however, excludes investments in the St. Charles methanol project that is under evaluation. Continued weakness in crude prices is likely to result in higher gasoline demand. Growth in refined product sales should therefore support earnings at Valero Energy.Currently, Valero carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Among its peers, Braskem S.A. BAK and Renewable Energy Group, Inc. REGI with Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) are also worth considering. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Renewable Energy Group, Inc. was 8.510000228881836 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Renewable Energy Group, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "8.5",
 "date": "2015-09-04",
 "ticker": "REGI",
 "company": "Renewable Energy Group, Inc."
}