{
 "context": "The following article called 'Tullow named Ghana's top company for 2014' was published on 2015-10-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  25 October 2015 11:00 CET Tullow named Ghana's top company for 2014 By GNA \nAccra, Oct. 24, GNA - Tullow Ghana Limited, an oil exploration firm has been named the top company in Ghana at the 2014 Ghana Club 100 awards in Accra on Thursday at the Banquet Hall. \nThe company toppled the 2013 winner, RLG communications, which did not make the top 100 list for 2014. \nService sector leader, Ramel Business Services Limited made a huge leap from the last awards to come up second on the 2014 list. \nFood and beverage manufacturers, Multi-Pro Private Limited, was adjudged third on the top companies list. \nSurprise top-ten entrant, Dupong Rural Bank Limited, came fourth on the ranking, and also scooping the rural banks sector leader award and the most profitable company award. \nUnion savings, a non-bank financial institution came up fifth, while Zenith Bank Ghana Limited placed sixth on the rankings. \nUnited Bank of Africa, Ghana Oil Company Limited, New Crystal Health Services Limited and the Ghana Commercial Bank were ranked seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth respectively. \nTullow Ghana Limited was also adjudged the largest company and the best petroleum and mining concern in Ghana. \nIn the industry specific awards category, Union Savings and Loans were adjudged the fastest Growing Company, while Zenith Bank was adjudged the Leader in commercial banking. \nThe Ghana Rubber Estates Limited was adjudged the Best Child Friendly Company, and the Cal Bank was named the Best Listed Company. \nEcobank Ghana Limited was named the Highest Tax Payer, with Intercom Programming and manufacturing Company (IPMC) adjudged the Industry Leader in Education. \nBenso Oil Palm Plantation Limited took the award for best in Agriculture and Agribusiness, while Enterprise Life was adjudged the best in Insurance Services. \nBsystems Limited, was honoured for being the best in the ICT sector and the New Crystal Health Services Limited was adjudged the best in Health Care. \nPresident John Mahama, who was billed to be the Special Guest Speaker at the event could not make it and he was represented by the Chief of Staff, Mr Julius Debrah. \nThe event, which was under the patronage of the Ghana Investment Promotion Council (GIPC), and celebrated under the theme 'Impact Investment and Sustainable Economic Development,' drew industry players to the event that strives to celebrate and motivate Ghana's leading businesses in all sectors of the economy. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was 130.03541564941406 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was ",
 "expected": "134.3816680908203",
 "date": "2015-10-25",
 "ticker": "CI",
 "company": "Cigna Corporation"
}