{
 "context": "The following article called 'Arab Bank settles US litigation over attacks by militants' was published on 2015-08-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Reuters Saturday, 15 August 2015 10:02 AM \nArab Bank Plc has agreed to settle litigation brought by hundreds of Americans who accused it of facilitating militant attacks in Israel, nearly a year after a US jury found the bank liable. \nThe settlement was confirmed on Friday by Michael Elsner, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, and a spokesman for Arab Bank. The terms were not disclosed. \nElsner said the framework of the deal would be finalized over the next few months. \nA trial had been scheduled to start Monday to begin determining how much the bank would have to pay the victims and their families. \nApproximately 500 US citizens had sued Arab Bank under the US Anti-Terrorism Act, which permits US citizens to pursue claims arising from international terrorism. The plaintiffs included both victims of attacks carried out by Hamas and other groups, as well as family members of the victims. \nIn September 2014, a US jury in Brooklyn, New York, found the Jordan-based bank liable for two dozen Hamas attacks that took place more than a decade ago in and around Israel, the first time a bank was held liable in US court for violating the act. \nSeveral other banks are facing similar claims in US courts under the Anti-Terrorism Act, including Bank of China , Credit Lyonnais SA, HSBC Holdings Plc and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, among others. \nLast year's verdict covered 310 plaintiffs, but a source familiar with the litigation said the settlement would include all 500 plaintiffs who brought claims under the Anti-Terrorism Act. \nAt trial, lawyers for the plaintiffs said Arab Bank knowingly maintained accounts for Hamas operatives and facilitated payments to families of suicide bombers and those imprisoned or injured during a Palestinian uprising beginning in 2000. \nArab Bank argued that it had followed proper screening procedures to checked accounts and transactions against lists of designated terrorist organizations. \nThe bank had vowed to appeal, saying US District Judge Brian Cogan issued flawed rulings that prevented it from mounting a full defense. \nArab Bank said after last year's trial that the verdict could expose financial institutions to \"enormous liability\" for providing routine banking services. \nMonday's trial, which was to include 17 plaintiffs, had been akin to so-called bellwether trials that are common in mass tort cases. The trial was expected to allow both sides to assess the damages for a few plaintiffs in order to gauge the potential overall amount of money at stake for the bank. \nIt was not clear how much in potential damages Arab Bank had faced. \nElsner, the plaintiffs' lawyer, had previously said that a verdict could have been for millions of dollars.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Thomson Reuters Corp was 35.120853424072266 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Thomson Reuters Corp was ",
 "expected": "35.14175033569336",
 "date": "2015-08-15",
 "ticker": "TRI",
 "company": "Thomson Reuters Corp"
}