{
 "context": "The following article called 'Zimbabwe: Econet in Remittances Deal With Moneygram' was published on 2015-10-24. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nZimbabwe: Govt Should Lead By Shame Makoshori ECONET Wireless' mobile money transfer unit, EcoCash on Wednesday signed a money transfer deal with MoneyGram to allow its 4,9 million customers to receive funds directly into their mobile phones from abroad. EcoCash, one of Africa's fastest growing mobile money solutions, operates in more than 20 000 locations across Zimbabwe and is credited for opening up banking to millions who were excluded from the traditional banking system. The agreement with MoneyGram is expected to enhance the flow of remittances from over five million Zimbabweans working across the globe, some after fleeing a debilitating economic crisis back home. Zimbabweans in the Diaspora are estimated by the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe to be responsible for between US$1,7 billion and US$2 billion worth of remittances annually. Millions of the country's citizens are increasingly dependent of these remittances due to increasing joblessness. A liquidity crisis that hit the country from 2011 has compounded the problems. \"Our activation with EcoCash, a leader in Zimbabwe's mobile money realm, furthers MoneyGram's vision of expanding our self-service offerings to ensure an unparalleled customer experience,\" said Herve Chomel, MoneyGram's vice president for Africa. \"With the service, we are offering millions of consumers, many in remote areas of the country, access to a fast, reliable and secure method of transferring money, much of which is used to purchase life essentials and daily expenses,\" he said. Remittances have helped millions of people to improve their living standards across Africa, reducing poverty levels, raising national incomes through provision of foreign exchange and raising national savings. Remittances have also boosted investments and hard currencies to finance essential imports. Chomel said remittances were speeding up the development of financial sectors in developing countries. He said in many emerging markets, governments had used future-inflows alongside their receipts to access international financial markets. \"We have a strong presence in Zimbabwe's digital environment and we are excited to link up with MoneyGram to utilise the company's global footprint and bring more options to our customers,\" said Econet Wireless chief executive officer, Douglas Mboweni. \"In-wallet remittances are becoming more topical, not only in driving access to international remittances for the previously unbanked but also driving further financial inclusion as we link the diaspora and home. By working with MoneyGram, we will help reach more consumers who rely on our domestic and international remittance services to handle their daily financial needs,\" Mboweni said. About US$440 billion in remittances are expected to flow across the world this year. Zimbabwe \nWhat is it that makes Robert Mugabe rattle his enemies so unfailingly? Even when he does nothing at all? see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Financial Gazette. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was 9.6899995803833 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "9.75",
 "date": "2015-10-24",
 "ticker": "MGI",
 "company": "Moneygram International, Inc."
}