{
 "context": "The following article called 'South Korea grants pardons to SK Group chairman Chey, others' was published on 2015-08-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nThu, Aug 13, 2015, 04:17 BST - UK Markets open in 3 hrs 43 mins South Korea grants pardons to SK Group chairman Chey, others Reuters \u2013 40 minutes ago View Photo \nChairman & CEO of SK Holdings, SK Innovation and SK Hynix, Chey Tae-won, a former SK Group chairman \u2026 \nSEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea granted pardons on Thursday to 6,527 people including Chey Tae-won, chairman of the SK Group, the country's third-largest conglomerate, the justice minister said, citing in part Seoul's efforts to revive a sputtering economy. \nLast year, the country's Supreme Court confirmed Chey's four-year prison sentence for embezzlement. He has been in jail since January 2013, serving one of the longest-ever prison terms for a South Korean business leader. \nPresident Park Geun-hye's pardons come as the country is marking the 70 year anniversary of the end of Japan's colonial occupation of the Korean peninsula \n(Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Tony Munroe) Follow the quotes you care about most. Access timely news and investment updates to stay on top of the market. \u2026 More \u00bb Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Computer Task Group, Incorporated was 6.226154327392578 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Computer Task Group, Incorporated was ",
 "expected": "6.188305377960205",
 "date": "2015-08-13",
 "ticker": "CTG",
 "company": "Computer Task Group, Incorporated"
}