{
 "context": "The following article called 'Africa: Facebook to Use Israeli Satellite to Beam Internet to Africa' was published on 2015-10-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nAfrica: Why and How Iran Could Benefit From Australia's Expertise and Experience in Agri Food and Beverage, Says Frost & Sullivan By Maryanne Gicobi Social media giant Facebook will help communities living in remote regions in sub-Saharan Africa access fast internet connectivity using an Israeli satellite. Announcing the new development, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg said he was partnering with Eutelsat, a European satellite operator, to connect millions of people in sub-Saharan Africa with internet. Satellite networks are well suited to economically connect people in low to medium density population areas. The AMOS-6 satellite, built by the Israel Aerospace Industries, will be ready for launch next year, according Zuckerberg. AMOS-6 SATELLITE \"We are going to work with local partners across the regions to help communities begin accessing internet services provided through the satellite,\" said Mr Zuckerberg. Speaking to Africa Review from Israel, Amos by Spacecom -- the satellite providers -- said they have already established a satellite in Gabon airspace at a cost of $300 million. The satellite capacity has been optimised for community and direct-to-user internet access thus making it affordable. \"The satellite has high spot beams that will cover large parts of West, East and Southern Africa, this will relieve pent up demand for connectivity from the many users in Africa ,\" said Amir Carmeli, the Amos by Spacecom sales head. FREE INTERNET SERVICES Amos by Spacecom has previously worked in Cameroon with the country's Ministry of Postal and Telecommunications to provide broadband and internet connectivity services to 125 schools and community centres. Sub-Saharan Africa will start enjoying the fast internet services in April next year. \"I am happy to announce our first project to deliver internet from space, over the last year, Facebook has been exploring ways to use aircraft and satellite to beam internet access down into communities from the skies,\" said Mr Zuckerberg in a post. Mr Zuckerberg said aiming to connect people living in remote regions using the traditional connectivity infrastructure has been difficult and inefficient so there was need to invest new technologies. Africa \nFree education in South Africa is a goal worth pursuing, especially for students who are poor and want access to \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 The Nation. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 97.11000061035156 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "102.19000244140625",
 "date": "2015-10-22",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}