{
 "context": "The following article called 'Alibaba's Ma To M\u200eeet Cameron During Xi Visit' was published on 2015-10-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nThu, Oct 15, 2015, 18:19 BST - UK Markets closed Alibaba's Ma To M\u200eeet Cameron During Xi Visit By (c) Sky News 2015 | Sky News \u2013 1 hour 17 minutes ago View Photo \n\nChina's most prominent internet tycoon will meet David Cameron in London next week as part of a trade mission that Beijing hopes will project the country's economic power despite recent market turbulence. \nSky News has learnt that Jack Ma, the chairman and co-founder of Alibaba Group, will hold talks the Prime Minister and attend a Downing Street reception for technology entrepreneurs, hours before a state visit by President Xi Jinping is due to get underway. \nMr Ma's involvement in the trip will raise the profile of the business delegation accompanying Mr Xi as part of a visit that will include the signing of billions of pounds-worth of deals against a backdrop of protests over China's human rights record. \nThe Alibaba entrepreneur, whose fortune was valued at $22.7bn in a wealth list published in China this week, is attempting to grow the company's international presence by positioning it as an online gateway to China for overseas companies. \nTheir encounter next week will not be the first time that Mr Cameron has met the Alibaba chairman. \nIn 2013, the Prime Minister posted on Twitter (Xetra: A1W6XZ - news ) a photograph of the two men together during a UK trade mission to China. \nAlibaba Group, which is China's biggest e-commerce firm, operates under brands including Tmall, Taobao and Ant Financial. \nIt (Other OTC: ITGL - news ) floated in New York last year, raising $25bn, but has recently seen its shares fall below their $68 offer price for the first time amid volatility in China's equity markets caused by uncertainty about the outlook for domestic and global economic growth. \nAlibaba has just identified Amee Chande, a former Tesco (Xetra: 852647 - news ) executive, as its first UK boss, according to Retail Week magazine. \nMr Ma is no stranger to trade missions orchestrated by Beijing, having only recently returned from the US, where Mr Xi met business leaders including Bill Gates, the former Microsoft (NasdaqGS: MSFT - news ) boss. \nNext (Other OTC: NXGPF - news ) week's visit is expected to include a swathe of commitments by China to finance UK infrastructure projects as well as dozens of bilateral deals involving British and Chinese companies. \nAn Alibaba spokeswoman declined to comment on Mr Ma's visit to the UK.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was 68.54000091552734 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was ",
 "expected": "71.98999786376953",
 "date": "2015-10-15",
 "ticker": "BABA",
 "company": "Alibaba Group Holding Limited"
}