{
 "context": "The following article called 'BofA, Wells Fargo, Citi Must Face Miami Lending Bias Cases' was published on 2015-09-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBofA, Wells Fargo, Citi Must Face Miami Lending Bias Cases By Zacks Equity Research 1 hour ago \ue071 Content preferences Done \nThere seems to be no respite for big banks as legal problems continue to bother them. A federal court has overturned the dismissal of lending discrimination lawsuits filed by the city of Miami against Bank of America Corporation BAC, Wells Fargo & Company WFC and Citigroup Inc. C.While ruling against the lower court order, the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals stated that Miami\u2019s claims under the U.S. Fair Housing Act are valid and the former had erred in dismissing those in Jul 2014. Circuit Judge Stanley Marcus said, \u201cIt is clear that the harm the city claims to have suffered has a sufficiently close connection to the conduct the statute prohibits.\u201dFurther, the U.S. District Judge William Dimitrouleas, while dismissing Miami\u2019s claims, had ruled that the city lacked standing for claiming compensation under the act. However, the appeals court stated that lending standards were stringent, and BofA, Wells Fargo and Citigroup should have foreseen the \"attendant harm\" from their alleged discriminatory lending practices.The lawsuits filed by Miami in Dec 2013 at the U.S. federal court in Florida had alleged that BofA, Wells Fargo and Citigroup were involved in discriminatory mortgage lending practices since 2004 that led to a spree of foreclosures. The banks provided overcharged (higher fees and interest rates) mortgage loans to minority borrowers.Specifically, BofA, Wells Fargo and Citigroup granted loans recklessly without paying heed to the creditworthiness of minority borrowers. Consequently, this resulted in defaults and falling property prices.We believe the revival of lawsuits provides Miami with a chance to seek significant compensation from banks for lost property tax revenues owing to lower values and additional city expenses in the affected areas.Many other cities in the U.S. including Chicago, Cleveland, Baltimore, Los Angeles and Memphis witnessed mixed success in suing banks for discriminatory mortgage lending practices. Apart from the above-mentioned banks, the cities had filed cases against JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM and M&T Bank Corporation, among others.Nevertheless, the latest development increases the litigation headwinds for BofA, Wells Fargo and Citigroup. The banks have already been facing several legal issues that have adversely impacted their past performances.Currently, both BofA and Citigroup carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), while Wells Fargo has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wells Fargo Advantage Income Opportunities Fund was 4.373569011688232 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wells Fargo Advantage Income Opportunities Fund was ",
 "expected": "4.413175106048584",
 "date": "2015-09-02",
 "ticker": "EAD",
 "company": "Wells Fargo Advantage Income Opportunities Fund"
}