{
 "context": "The following article called 'Ford to Build New Lincoln Continental in Michigan' was published on 2015-07-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFord to Build New Lincoln Continental in Michigan Announcement precedes labor talks between manufacturer and United Auto Workers union ENLARGE Ford showed off a concept version of its coming Lincoln Continental luxury car at the New York International Auto Show earlier this year. Photo: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg News By 4 COMMENTS \nFord Motor Co. F -0.41 % disclosed plans to build a coming flagship luxury car in Michigan, marking a win for U.S. auto workers as talks on a new labor contract with the United Auto Workers union kick into gear this week. \nJohn Fleming, the auto maker\u2019s global manufacturing chief, said the coming Lincoln Continental\u2014a car that is intended to mark a more luxurious direction for the brand\u2014will be made at its Flat Rock, Mich., assembly plant. The Flat Rock plant currently employs 3,100 workers building the Mustang sports car and Fusion midsize sedan. \nThe new Continental flagship, a top-of-the-line sedan that revives one of the brand\u2019s most recognizable nameplates, goes on sale next year (likely as part of the 2017 model year) and is aimed at growing Lincoln\u2019s presence in China, where big, cushy sedans with roomy back seats are in high demand. \nMr. Fleming, who revealed the location during an event on Wednesday in Dearborn, Mich., offered no other specifics, other than to say that the vehicle has been well received. Ford unveiled a prototype of the car\u2019s design this spring in New York. \u201cI think it will do very, very well,\u201d Mr. Fleming said. \nThe Continental replaces the Lincoln MKS, which has been manufactured in Chicago. Related Ford to Trim Compact Car Production (April 23) \nHis remarks follow Ford\u2019s announcement last week that it would move production of its Focus compact car and C-Max hybrid from Michigan, likely to a factory outside the U.S. \nLabor talks between Ford and the union begin next week and securing U.S. jobs for UAW-represented workers will be a priority for the union because much new auto investments lately has flowed to Mexico, where labor costs are cheaper. UAW officials said they were told by the company that Focus production would be moved from the U.S. in 2018. \nBecause small cars earn lower margins than trucks and sport-utility vehicles, auto makers have struggled to build them profitably in the U.S. Earlier this year, Ford said it was laying off 700 workers at a Wayne, Mich., plant. Low gas prices and rising demand for roomier trucks and crossovers have sapped demand for small, fuel-efficient vehicles. Ford already builds U.S.-sold Fiesta subcompacts in Mexico. \nMr. Fleming said the decision to relocate the Focus and C-Max wasn\u2019t tied to contract talks but rather preparations for the next-generation models. \u201cIt\u2019s normal business,\u201d he said. \u201cIt\u2019s just that normal business sometimes intersects with other things that are happening.\u201d \n\u201cFrom our perspective, we needed to move forward because our process is geared, where we have suppliers involved and we have engineering teams doing work.\u201d He declined to say where the Focus and C-Max would be built or what Ford might assemble next at the Michigan factory. He said those moves will be discussed during negotiations. \nUAW President Dennis Williams on Monday declined to comment specifically on the Focus and C-Max relocation, saying he will wait until next week when the union officially kicks off labor talks with the No. 2 U.S. car maker at a ritual handshaking ceremony. \nGeneral Motors Co. GM -1.07 % Chief Executive Mary Barra said earlier this week she sees no need to follow Ford\u2019s move because she is confident the company can profitably build its small cars in the U.S. GM builds its Chevy Sonic subcompact and Cruze compact in the Midwest. \nWrite to Christina Rogers at christina.rogers@wsj.com 263\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc was 632.5552368164062 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc was ",
 "expected": "592.0332641601562",
 "date": "2015-07-16",
 "ticker": "AHT",
 "company": "Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc"
}