{
 "context": "The following article called 'CME Group Launches Commodity Index Agreement with China Securities Index' was published on 2015-09-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCME Group Launches Commodity Index Agreement with China Securities Index CME Group Launches Commodity Index Agreement with China Securities Index Under the terms of the agreement, CME Group will be granting CSI a license to utilize select CME Group market data to develop an index suite Advertising Print This Post Photo: Bloomberg \nDerivatives marketplace, CME Group and China Securities Index (CSI) Co. Ltd, have entered into a product licensing agreement in a bid to develop their joint index capabilities, according to a CME Group statement. \nUnder the new terms of the agreement, CME Group will be granting CSI a sovereign license to utilize select CME Group market data to develop, calculate, and appropriate its commodity indices suite. Furthermore, the offering will put out a series of jointly developed products, the first of which being the CSI CME Group China Commodity Consumption Index. \nThe index will be based futures contracts of soft commodities, as well as Natural Gas, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) Crude Oil, and Copper, Gold, and Silver. The agreement stipulates the provision of the listing, trading, and clearing of derivatives products based on joint commodity indexes to be engineered by CSI and CME Group. \nAccording to Terry Duffy, Executive Chairman and President of CME Group, in a recent statement on the partnership, \u201cWe are pleased to enter into this strategic partnership with CSI. As Chinese futures markets internationalize, the new products that we develop with CSI will provide enhanced risk management opportunities to users in the global commodity markets.\u201d \n\u201cChina is a key market for us, and this agreement with CSI is another example of our commitment to serve the needs of market users based in China. We look forward to working closely together with CSI in the development and innovation of new products,\u201d added Phupinder Gill, Chief Executive Officer of CME Group in an accompanying statement. \n\u201cAs capital markets liberalize, the demand for overseas financial derivatives by Chinese investors will increase gradually. CSI has developed indexes based on multiple types of asset classes in different markets for over ten years. The cooperation with CME Group is an important component of the overseas development strategy of CSI. We look forward to working together with CME Group to provide diverse indexes and derivatives products to meet the needs of the markets,\u201d noted Ma Zhigang, Chief Executive Officer of CSI. \nEarlier this month, CME Group reported its figured for the month ending August 2015 , which showed average daily volumes (ADV) of combined futures and options at 888,599 contracts, 27.4% MoM above July\u2019s trading. Got a news tip? Let Us Know FOUND A MISTAKE\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of CME Group Inc. was 71.79957580566406 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of CME Group Inc. was ",
 "expected": "71.24517822265625",
 "date": "2015-09-22",
 "ticker": "CME",
 "company": "CME Group Inc."
}