{
 "context": "The following article called 'IAG chairman to step down' was published on 2015-10-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWed, Oct 21, 2015, 12:53 PM NZDT - New Zealand Markets close in 4 hrs 7 mins IAG chairman to step down AAP \u2013 55 minutes ago Print \nIAG chairman Brian Schwartz has announced his resignation from the insurance giant. \nHe told shareholders at the company's annual general meeting that he would leave before the end of this financial year. \nShareholders also heard that the insurer was on track to meet its financial targets for this financial year. \nOutgoing chief executive Mike Wilkins said that, based on the first quarter, the insurer's gross written premium was expected to be relatively flat for the year, with insurance margins ranging between 14 and 16 per cent. @YahooNZBusiness on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook % Chg Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the \"Enter symbol/company\" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Follow us \nPersonal finance & investment intel, fresh from the market. On This Site Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Iamgold Corporation was 2.0299999713897705 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Iamgold Corporation was ",
 "expected": "2.0199999809265137",
 "date": "2015-10-21",
 "ticker": "IAG",
 "company": "Iamgold Corporation"
}