{
 "context": "The following article called 'Capital IQ Launches SME Scorecard to Boost Data on Loans to Women-Owned SME' was published on 2015-09-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nPrint This Post \nThis guest article was written by Dan Leubitz who is the CTO of INNITEL telecom. \nIt must be the absolute mantra of any company doing business in today\u2019s Forex/Binary marketplace that has even the slightest hope of survival. Think about it for a second \u2013 in the global financial marketplace, what differentiators do companies really have left to set themselves apart from their competition? \nIf a company banks on price as their lead selling point then they\u2019re already too far behind. They\u2019ve lost before they even started. In a crowded market, prices will have been pushed down and set by the ones that got there first as businesses jockey to position themselves into the sweet spot between affordability and an ideal profit margin. \nThe only question that remains for a price-driven business is how much margin they are willing to lose in order to undercut their competition. For others, margins might already be so tight that competing on price is simply not an option. \nThe honest fact is that in today\u2019s Binary/Forex world, a company\u2019s ability to provide customer service over and above that of their competitors is likely one of the only things keeping those customers from jumping ship and going to another provider. \nFor many in the financial industry, this puts call center employees on the front line of the battle to keep customers. As customers contact call centers with questions and concerns, and sales agents make outbound calls to try to secure new business, these agents are uniquely positioned to put your company\u2019s commitment to superior customer service front and center in a customer\u2019s or sales lead\u2019s mind. \nAs a result, many companies seek to take complete control of the customer/agent relationship. Scripts are developed to ensure that each agent is saying the same thing to each customer; to ensure that each customer has the same customer service experience regardless of the agent they\u2019ve contacted that day. \nWhile it is easy to see the merit in such a strategy at first glance, it does not account for what can happen when you empower agents to do great things on their own. It doesn\u2019t open the door to the possibility of your agents deviating from the script and using their own judgment and evaluation of each conversation to provide an experience over and above what the script would have allowed. \nThink back to the last frustrating customer service experience you had. It was likely exacerbated by the fact that the agent on the phone was incapable of seeing your problem as uniquely yours. You and your call were nothing more than another trip through a process flow chart for that agent as each response led to another question. \nClose your eyes tight enough and you could almost see the agent flipping through script books to determine how the company wanted your issue handled. Listen hard enough and sometimes you can actually hear those pages turning. \nResearchers agree that allowing agents the freedom to orient themselves to the needs of their customers and then to act independently on those needs produces higher levels of customer satisfaction than when agents are required to stay on-script at all times. \nA piece of research coming out of the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign titled \u201cThe Impact of Call Center Employees\u2019 Customer Orientation Behaviors on Service Quality\u201d defines and quantifies these moments, known as COBs. \nThe authors break COBs down into five key categories: (a) Anticipating customer requests\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Akari Therapeutics Plc was 31.5 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Akari Therapeutics Plc was ",
 "expected": "28.6299991607666",
 "date": "2015-09-22",
 "ticker": "AKTX",
 "company": "Akari Therapeutics Plc"
}