{
 "context": "The following article called 'Mozambique: Talks Between Nyusi and Zuma Centre On Energy' was published on 2015-10-24. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSouth Africa: Illegal Hunter Mauled to Death By Lions Pretoria \u2014 Talks in Pretoria on Thursday between Mozambican President Filipe Nyusi and his South African host and counterpart, Jacob Zuma, centred on economic matters, and particularly on energy. A reliable supply of electricity is fundamental for the economic development of both countries and their plans to improve the living standards of their peoples. After their two hour meeting at Union Buildings in Pretoria, Nyusi and Zuma led government delegations to the inaugural meeting of the Mozambique/South Africa Binational Commission. This commission will meet once a year at heads of state level, and every six months at ministerial level. It is intended to work as a mechanism through which the two countries will structure, make operational and monitor their bilateral cooperation. Over the years since the fall of apartheid Mozambican and South Africa have already signed 69 agreements and memorandums of understanding. Through the new commission, Nyusi and Zuma believe it is not enough to talk, but results must be produced from the decisions taken by the governments. The second meeting of the Binational Commission will take place in Maputo next year. Nyusi invited Zuma to take part in the event, and the invitation was promptly accepted. At a joint press conference at the end of the meeting, Nyusi said the three meetings he has held with Zuma this year clearly show the commitment of Mozambique and South Africa to embark together on an effective economic agenda to improve rapidly the welfare of their peoples. Nyusi believed that the Binational Commission will bring together business people and government members. It will facilitate decision taking and will establish mechanisms to control the implementation of decisions. The talks covered a wide range of areas, including, trade, defence and security, environmental matters, poaching, cross-border transport, aviation, agriculture, tourism and science and technology. The two presidents instructed the relevant ministers to undertake concrete activities in developing infrastructures related with natural gas and other forms of energy, and in other areas that can increase trade and create jobs. \u201cOur countries need energy. The region needs energy\u201d, said Nyusi. \u201cOur countries have the conditions to produce energy. We have water, we have the sun, we have gas and coal\u201d. Mozambique has enormous hydro-electric potential, particularly in the Zambezi valley. But to advance with the construction of new dams and power stations - notably the Mpanda Nkua dam, about 60 kilometres downstream from the existing dam at Cahora Bassa - there must be firm guarantees that the electricity can be sold. The obvious client for Mpanda Nkua, and for a second power station at Cahora Bassa, is the South African electricity company, Eskom. But, despite the severe power cuts South Africa has been suffering, Eskom has so far declined to make a commitment to buy more power from Mozambique. South Africa is already the main consumer of Mozambican natural gas. The onshore fields at Pande and Temane in the southern Mozambican province of Inhambane are operated by the South African petro-chemical giant SASOL. The gas is pumped by pipeline from the treatment plant at Temane to SASOL's factories in the South African town of Secunda. Zuma told reporters that Mozambique remains South Africa's largest trading partner on the African continent. The two presidents hope to build on this, and inaugurated a Business Forum intended to encourage private investment in areas with an impact on living standards. Mozambique \nThe Mozambican police have arrested seven people, aged between 24 and 34, who are accused of committing armed robberies \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Sasol Ltd. was 28.241201400756836 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Sasol Ltd. was ",
 "expected": "27.98194122314453",
 "date": "2015-10-24",
 "ticker": "SSL",
 "company": "Sasol Ltd."
}