{
 "context": "The following article called 'World Bank's IFC to meet investors on sukuk issue' was published on 2015-08-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nX Zawya Comment Policy \nZawya encourages you to add a comment to this discussion. You agree that when you add content to this discussion your comments will not: 1.1 Contain any material which is libelous or defamatory of any person, is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory or causes damage to the reputation of any person or organisation.1.2 Promote sexually explicit material, violence, discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age or any illegal activity.1.3 Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.1.4 Be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.1.5 Be used to impersonate any person, to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person, or be likely to deceive any person.1.6 Give the impression that they represent Zawya.1.7 Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse. The content posted on www.zawya.com is created by members of the public. The views expressed are theirs and unless specifically stated are not those of Zawya. Zawya reserves the right to review all comments prior to posting and edit or delete any contribution, but Zawya is not responsible for and can not be held liable for any content posted by members of the public on www.zawya.com . Zawya is not responsible for the availability or content of any third party sites that are accessible through www.zawya.com . Any links to third party websites from www.zawya.com do not amount to any endorsement of that site by Zawya and any use of that site by you is at your own risk. By submitting your comment, you hereby give Zawya the right, but not the obligation, to post, air, edit, exhibit, telecast, webcast, re-use, publish, reproduce, use, license, print, distribute or otherwise use your comments worldwide, in perpetuity. \u00d7 Before You Begin \nDear Valued Customer, \nAs previously communicated, Zawya Financial products are undergoing a migration to Thomson Reuters Eikon . To assist with an efficient migration and to allow us to serve you better, please complete this short survey. Your assistance is highly appreciated and we thank you in advance. 1. Are you the named user of this Zawya ID? \nPlease select yes or no. Yes\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of SIFCO Industries, Inc. was 12.520000457763672 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of SIFCO Industries, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "12.600000381469727",
 "date": "2015-08-27",
 "ticker": "SIF",
 "company": "SIFCO Industries, Inc."
}