{
 "context": "The following article called 'The 3 Cheapest Big Bank Stocks Right Now' was published on 2015-08-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nThe 3 Cheapest Big Bank Stocks Right Now Bank of America, Citigroup, and Regions Financial all trade for discounts to their respective book values. John Maxfield JohnMaxfield37 Aug 18, 2015 at 3:32PM \nWhile the financial crisis of 2008-09 isn't something that most us want to live through again, one of its enduring legacies has been the opportunity to buy bank stocks at discounts to book value. \nThree banks that come immediately to mind are Bank of America ( NYSE:BAC ) , Citigroup ( NYSE:C ) , and Regions Financial ( NYSE:RF ) . These are the only big bank stocks that still trade for less than their respective book values. \nThe price-to-book-value ratio is the most common metric that professional analysts and investors use to determine whether a bank stock is cheap or expensive. \nTo calculate it, the first thing you need is a bank's book value per share. By subtracting a bank's liabilities from its assets, you get its equity, or book value. By then dividing this by a bank's outstanding share count, you get its book value per share. \nIf you then divide its current share price by its book value per share, you get the bank's price-to-book-value ratio. \nGenerally speaking, bank stocks fluctuate between 0.5 and 2.5 times book value, depending on where we're at in the business cycle. When the economy is steaming ahead, banks make more money and their shares are more expensive. But when the economy takes a turn for the worse, valuations fall as loan losses erode earnings. \nThere is no hard and fast rule regarding when a specific bank stock is cheap or expensive, but a handy rule of thumb is 1.0 times book value. Banks that trade far in excess of this threshold -- say 2.0 times book value, or more -- are considered expensive, while banks that trade for a discount to that are generally considered to be inexpensive. \nIn Bank of America's case, its price-to-book value is 0.81. This means that its shares trade for a 19% discount to the bank's own estimate of its net worth. The same is true with Citigroup and Regions Financial, which trade for 16% and 14% less than their book values, respectively. \nIt's worth keeping in mind, of course, that there are generally reasons that certain banks trade at lower valuations than others. One is simply that cheap banks tend to be less profitable than expensive banks. As such, the former generate lower shareholder returns than the latter. \nAnother reason is simply a lack of confidence in the bank -- this often goes hand in hand with profitability. Both of these points are reflected in the chart above, which illustrates the direct relationship between a bank's profitability (i.e., return on equity) and its price-to-book-value ratio. \nIn sum, it's no coincidence that Bank of America, Citigroup, and Regions Financial have the three lowest valuations as well as the three lowest returns on equity. \nThis $19 trillion industry could destroy the Internet One bleeding-edge technology is about to put the World Wide Web to bed. And if you act quickly, you could be among the savvy investors who enjoy the profits from this stunning change. Experts are calling it the single largest business opportunity in the history of capitalism... The Economist is calling it \"transformative\"... But you'll probably just call it \"how I made my millions.\" Don't be too late to the party -- click here for one stock to own when the Web goes dark. \nJohn Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers John Maxfield Staff Writer John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Aug 18, 2015 at 3:32PM Financials\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was 50.01500701904297 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "49.348365783691406",
 "date": "2015-08-18",
 "ticker": "C",
 "company": "Citigroup, Inc."
}