{
 "context": "The following article called 'Terapeak and Alibaba.com Collaborate to Help Online Retailers Source Products' was published on 2015-07-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nThursday, July 23, 2015 11:25AM IST (5:55AM GMT) Terapeak and Alibaba.com Collaborate to Help Online Retailers Source Products Data integration allows Terapeak users to find and source popular products on Alibaba.com Toronto, Canada Terapeak and Alibaba.com, the leading platform for global wholesale trade, announced that the companies will assist online retailers to source inventory from suppliers around the world. Terapeak users will now be able to view, search and filter the top 30 million trending products on Alibaba.com. This data integration will provide direct access to both sourcing and sales analytics, helping retailers sell more on eBay, Amazon and other channels. Terapeak is a leading supplier of marketplace analytics that helps eBay and Amazon businesses evaluate supply and demand opportunities and optimize sales. Over 2.6 million users rely on Terapeak to navigate online marketplaces and grow their businesses. Terapeak will now offer sourcing capabilities to help its customers find new products to sell, improve profit margins and gain a competitive advantage. Alibaba.com, the leading platform for global wholesale trade, is where the majority of Terapeak users go to source inventory. The platform is owned by Alibaba Group (NYSE:BABA), the largest online and mobile commerce company in the world by gross merchandise volume (GMV). The collaboration between Terapeak and Alibaba\u2019s grew out of the efforts of each company to help online merchants grow their businesses. When customers login to Terapeak, they will see a new button to \u201cSource My Inventory.\u201d This feature will give customers access to a searchable list of Alibaba.com\u2019s products. By combining supplier product and price information with Terapeak\u2019s other market research features, retailers can now answer questions such as: \"How much can I sell this for?\", \"How many of these can I sell in a month?\" and \"What does my competitive landscape look like for this product?\" \u201cThis partnership with Terapeak enables our shared customers, who source inventory on Alibaba.com, to gain more data-driven insights to better inform their sourcing needs and business decisions,\u201d said Michael Lee, International Business Development and Marketing Director for Alibaba.com. \u201cTerapeak\u2019s growing reach in the e-commerce industry provides our customers with data that allows for a more transparent and trusting relationship between buyers and suppliers, which ultimately streamlines the supply chain in global trade.\u201d Terapeak has also integrated their HotList into the sourcing and research workflows. Sellers who use the HotList to discover new selling opportunities will now have direct access to sourcing opportunities on Alibaba.com. \u201cWe wanted to provide Terapeak customers with the ability to uncover global sourcing opportunities, and we believe that Alibaba is the best place to start,\u201d said Kevin North, Chief Executive Officer of Terapeak. \u201cBy working with the world\u2019s largest wholesale marketplace, we can help our merchants source the hottest and most profitable products and sell them more effectively on eBay and Amazon. This is about giving our customers a competitive advantage.\u201d To learn more, visit www.terapeak.com . About Terapeak Terapeak is the leading source for analyzing, understanding and predicting consumer and product behavior in ecommerce. Terapeak analyzes more than 4.6 billion transactions per year and over $70 billion in online consumer spending to provide marketplace intelligence to clients ranging from entrepreneurs to Fortune 500 companies. Ecommerce merchants use Terapeak\u2019s online analytics platform to evaluate pricing, sourcing opportunities, market trends, product behavior across regions and their competition. Terapeak provides marketplace analytics on eBay, Amazon.com and Yahoo! Japan, and merchants can view their own sales performance across multiple channels through Terapeak\u2019s MySales product. Founded in 2004, Terapeak's U.S. headquarters are in Palo Alto, CA. Learn more at http://www.terapeak.com . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150722005133/en/ For News Release background on Terapeak click here CONTACTS : SSPR Mallory Snitker, 847-415-9300 msnitker@sspr.com\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was 84.1500015258789 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was ",
 "expected": "83.0199966430664",
 "date": "2015-07-23",
 "ticker": "BABA",
 "company": "Alibaba Group Holding Limited"
}