{
 "context": "The following article called 'Landmark Reichshof Hamburg Opens as First Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton in Europe Following Extensive Restoration' was published on 2015-07-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSaturday, July 18, 2015 11:00AM IST (5:30AM GMT) (BW)(VA-HILTON-WORLDWIDE) Landmark Reichshof Hamburg Opens as First Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton in Europe Following Extensive Restoration Historic 'Roaring Twenties' Hotel Joins Global Collection of Distinctive HotelsAs First Hilton Worldwide Hotel in the City Hamburg, Germany and Mclean, Va., United States Hilton Worldwide opened the iconic Reichshof Hamburg hotel, adding another exceptional hotel to its growing global brand, Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton . The grand, central Hamburg hotel, operated by Event Hotelgruppe, is the brand\u2019s first hotel in Europe and combines Hanseatic Art-D\u00e9co elegance with contemporary design and offers travelers local discoveries and authentic travel experiences at the core of the Curio brand. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150717005019/en/ Reichshof Hamburg, a historic hotel located in the heart of Hamburg, today became the first Curio - A Collection by Hilton hotel in Europe (Photo: Hilton Worldwide) \u201cThe uniqueness and special character of Reichshof Hamburg is a great example of what we seek when hand-picking respected and distinguished hotels for our Curio collection,\u201d said Dianna Vaughan, global head, Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton. \u201cThe restored hotel is a favorite among travelers because it beautifully blends the old with the new and captures Hamburg\u2019s vibrant energy, while also offering our guests the reassurance and benefits that come with the Hilton name and HHonors loyalty program.\u201d \u201cEurope has a wealth of exceptional upscale and luxury independent hotels, appealing to guests seeking more unique travel experiences,\u201d said Simon Vincent, president EMEA, Hilton Worldwide. \u201cThe Reichshof Hamburg, Hilton Worldwide\u2019s newest Curio collection hotel, offers guests the best of both worlds \u2013 a hotel that encapsulates the true essence of Hamburg with the advantages of being affiliated with Hilton Worldwide.\u201d Located opposite the historic Hamburg Central Railway Station, Reichshof fuses impressive architecture and modern furnishings with personalized hospitality. The hotel\u2019s 278 renovated guest rooms, as well as junior and one bedroom suites, offer guests a relaxing haven in lively central Hamburg. The hotel also boasts a 250 meter recreation and fitness facility, where guests can access the fully equipped gym or indulge in luxurious spa treatments. \u201cThe Reichshof\u2019s 20 th century charm was meticulously preserved during the hotel\u2019s extensive renovation by leading artisans,\u201d said Folke Sievers, general manager, Reichshof Hamburg. \u201cModern technology and amenities have been seamlessly blended during the restoration to ensure guests enjoy both the hotel\u2019s historic character and contemporary comforts. We are delighted to return the hotel to its \u2018Roaring Twenties\u2019 prime and as a Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton hotel, look forward to sharing it with an extended reach of guests.\u201d Renowned local gastronomist Frank Bertram joins the Reichshof as chef de cuisine, moving his restaurant slowman to the hotel. The hotel offers guests and locals a variety of dining options including an \u00e0 la carte menu in the hotel\u2019s dining room, handmade sushi and delicious cakes in the lobby, and the best club sandwich in Hamburg at the hotel\u2019s legendary bar. Bertram is famed for his dedication to high-quality products, passion, and his love of music, with his legendary slowman Saturday jam sessions popular with a large and dedicated fan base. The Reichshof\u2019s Bar 1910 features high-quality spirits, including a collection of premium Whiskeys from across the world, innovative cocktails and newly interpreted classics. As members of the Hilton Worldwide portfolio, Curio hotels offer guests the benefits of Hilton HHonors, the award-winning guest-loyalty program serving more than 45 million members. Hilton HHonors offers more ways to redeem points than any other guest-loyalty program and is the only hotel rewards program that offers Points & Miles\u00ae and No Blackout Dates. Reichshof Hamburg is located at Kirchenallee 34-36, 20099 Hamburg, Germany. Information about Reichshof Hamburg may be found at reichshof-hamburg.com and facebook.com/reichshofhamburg . More information about Curio may be found at curiocollection.com . Media may access high resolution images and more information by visiting news.curiocollection.com . About Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton Curio - A Collection by Hilton ( curiocollection.com ) is a global collection of distinctive hotels that are woven into the fabric of their destinations. While each one is unique, they are united in their individuality. Curio guests are passionate travelers seeking local discovery and authentic experiences, while resting easier knowing the Hilton name is behind every stay. Curio joins a portfolio of market-leading brands from Hilton Worldwide, a leading global hospitality company. Access the latest news at news.curiocollection.com or inquire about development opportunities at hiltonworldwide.com/development . About Hilton Worldwide Hilton Worldwide (NYSE: HLT) is a leading global hospitality company, spanning the lodging sector from luxury and full-service hotels and resorts to extended-stay suites and focused-service hotels. For 95 years, Hilton Worldwide has been dedicated to continuing its tradition of providing exceptional guest experiences. The company's portfolio of twelve world-class global brands is comprised of more than 4,350 managed, franchised, owned and leased hotels and timeshare properties, with more than 720,000 rooms in 94 countries and territories, including Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Embassy Suites Hotels, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton Hotels, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The company also manages an award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton HHonors\u00ae. Visit news.hiltonworldwide.com for more information and connect with Hilton Worldwide at facebook.com/hiltonworldwide , twitter.com/hiltonworldwide , youtube.com/hiltonworldwide , flickr.com/hiltonworldwide , and linkedin.com/company/hilton-worldwide .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. was 55.546146392822266 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. was ",
 "expected": "55.0549201965332",
 "date": "2015-07-18",
 "ticker": "HLT",
 "company": "Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc."
}