{
 "context": "The following article called 'Financial Reporting Analyst at Innovative Systems Group (Owings Mills, MD)' was published on 2015-08-19. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSource: Dice Our direct client in healthcare insurance domain is looking for Financial Reporting Analyst that will provide analytical and reporting support for such purposes as ad-hoc reporting, Financial analysis and performance metrics reporting, tactical analysis, operational efficiencyquality metrics and productivity analysis. Responsibilities Position will involve the use of various software applications, such as spreadsheets, relational databases, statistical packages, and graphics packages to assemble, manipulate andor format data andor reports. Reviews and analyzes costs and activity data related to projects. Develops a variety of sales and operational tracking reports for forecasting and modeling. Position will involve the use of various software applications, such as spreadsheets, relational databases, statistical packages, and graphics packages to assemble, manipulate andor format data andor reports. Specializes in the reporting and data analysis functions for the Division and uses this information to produce various statistics, andor quality and sales metrics related to the Division. This position is responsible for performing moderately complex analyses and problem resolution for its Division. Manages projects and prepares presentations for upper management. Provides analytical and reporting support for such purposes as sales and enrollment analysis, operational efficiencyquality metrics and productivity analysis. Utilizes divisional systems to run queries, reports and extract data. Responsible for the maintenance and updating of weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual reports. Prepares various ad hoc analyses in support of reporting requirements. Performs quality and accuracy tests on reports and other calculations and prepares reports for management on results. Responds to Manager and Director Inquiries, handles special requests, researches moderately complex issues, develops custom reportstools to assist management. Manages documentation and files on SharePoint sites and on shared drives. Provides research and analysis support to the Division. Operates as a valuable resource on best practices and process improvements related to the Division. Provides diagrams, data, models and other analyses to help maintain and improve the efficiency of the organization. Provides the data analysis to support new procedures, policies and procedures in an effort to improve the operation of the division. Requirements BS Degree in Finance, Accounting, Engineering, or Business plus 2-5 Years experience. Must have strong written and verbal communication skills with proven data analysis skills. Must demonstrate attention for detail, multi-tasking skills, well organized and work well under pressure. Requires strong PC skills Ability to work independently or as a team member. Strong customer focused orientation. Advanced level experience with PC spreadsheet and database applications (Microsoft Excel and Access required) Healthcare insurance industry experience. Advanced skills in Microsoft PowerPoint, statistical software, ie SQL, and SPSS Preferred InsuranceFinanceAuditSales background, SharePoint (basic knowledge,) statistical analysis and financial accounting experience Auditing or data validation, documentation and process analysis skills High level of analytical and statistical abilities. Healthcare insurance industry experience. Advanced skills in Microsoft PowerPoint, statistical software SQL, SharePoint, and SPSS. About ISG Discover the difference. When you join ISG, you're joining a Tech Consulting organization committed to your professional growth, satisfaction and long term success. ISG consultants are at the forefront of technology and we provide the education, training and professional development programs needed to keep them there. ISG's long and growing list of Fortune 500 customers includes many leading companies in the service, healthcare, financial, communications, retail, and manufacturing industries. As a single-source provider of information management services, consultants who partner with ISG find careers with unlimited growth and leadership potential. Our Professional Development Management Team oversees employee professional and technical development to help individuals set and achieve their goals. reporting, MS Access, MS Excel, SQL, ad-hoc reporting\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was 42.490413665771484 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was ",
 "expected": "41.04320526123047",
 "date": "2015-08-19",
 "ticker": "MSFT",
 "company": "Microsoft Corporation"
}