{
 "context": "The following article called 'MEDIA ALERT: Equinix to Speak at Gartner Catalyst Conference' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nREDWOOD CITY, Calif., Aug. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Equinix, Inc. (Nasdaq: EQIX), the global interconnection and data center company, today announced that Sara Baack, chief marketing officer, and Tony Bishop, vice president, Enterprise, will be speaking at the Gartner Catalyst Conference 2015 taking place August 10-12, 2015 at the Manchester Grand Hyatt in San Diego, California. \n\"Empowering Enterprise Growth\" - Monday, August 10 at 3:25pm PT in Grand Hall B \nIn this session, Tony Bishop will discuss how employees, partners and customers of today's enterprise are highly dependent on applications and data. This drives the need for a secure, global model that empowers enterprises to adapt to changes in real-time-in context with a myriad of devices, connections and content. Enterprises adopting these models have elevated their capabilities to connect to digital ecosystems that securely fuel high value and growth. Bishop will discuss these architectural considerations and the business value of such models. \n\"Real World IT Transformation\" - Tuesday, August 11 at 10:05am PT in Seaport E \nIn this panel discussion, Sara Baack will discuss the challenges and opportunities facing enterprises as they look to deploy innovative, new IT architectures to address big data, hybrid cloud and the Internet of Things (IOT) in the Interconnected Era. \nPanelists include: Landon Williams, vice president, Architecture & Platforms, The Weather Channel Scott Armstrong, senior director, Product Management/Marketing, and Strategic Initiatives, General Dynamics James Staten, general manager, chief strategist, Cloud & Enterprise, Microsoft \nAdditionally, Equinix is exhibiting in booth #401. To request a meeting, please email references@equinix.com . \nAbout Equinix Equinix, Inc. (Nasdaq: EQIX) connects the world's leading businesses to their customers, employees and partners inside the most interconnected data centers. In 33 markets across five continents, Equinix is where companies come together to realize new opportunities and accelerate their business, IT and cloud strategies. www.equinix.com . \nForward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from expectations discussed in such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, the challenges of acquiring, operating and constructing IBX centers and developing, deploying and delivering Equinix services; unanticipated costs or difficulties relating to the integration of companies we have acquired or will acquire into Equinix; a failure to receive significant revenue from customers in recently built out or acquired data centers; failure to complete any financing arrangements contemplated from time to time; competition from existing and new competitors; the ability to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds to repay new or outstanding indebtedness; the loss or decline in business from our key customers; and other risks described from time to time in Equinix's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, see Equinix's recent quarterly and annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, copies of which are available upon request from Equinix. Equinix does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking information contained in this press release. \nEquinix and IBX are registered trademarks of Equinix, Inc. International Business Exchange is a trademark of Equinix, Inc. \nTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/media-alert-equinix-to-speak-at-gartner-catalyst-conference-300124606.html \nSOURCE Equinix, Inc. \nLiam Rose, +1 (650) 598-6590, lrose@equinix.com\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Gartner, Inc. was 91.9000015258789 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Gartner, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "89.80000305175781",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "IT",
 "company": "Gartner, Inc."
}