{
 "context": "The following article called 'Marlin Announces Retirement of CEO Daniel Dyer' was published on 2015-10-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  Marlin Announces Retirement of CEO Daniel Dyer October 21, 2015, 07:16 AM Related: Daniel Dyer , Edward Siciliano , Marlin Bank , Marlin Business Services , Marlin Leasing \nMarlin Business Services Corp. announced the retirement of Daniel P. Dyer from his position as Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company effective today. The Company also announced that Edward J. Siciliano, Marlin's Executive Vice President and Chief Sales Officer, has been named interim CEO and will serve in that role while the Company's Board of Directors conducts a search for a permanent CEO. Mr. Dyer, who co-founded Marlin in 1997 and has served as CEO and director since, commented, \"It's been the experience of a lifetime working alongside everyone helping build Marlin into the success it is today. Let me express my sincere appreciation and gratitude to all of my colleagues who I have met and worked with over the years. I'm proud to say that our efforts together have led to all of Marlin's accomplishments, from a start-up in 1997 to a one of the leading financial services providers to small businesses. With my announced departure, I look forward with anticipation to pursuing new opportunities of a personal and career interest.\" Lawrence J. DeAngelo, Chairman of Marlin's Board of Directors, thanked Dyer on behalf of the entire organization \"for his 18 years of dedicated service.\" \"We wish Dan enduring success as he pursues other interests,\" said DeAngelo. \"Looking ahead, Marlin has exceptionally strong management talent and we are well-positioned to take advantage of Marlin's attractive long-term growth opportunities and to deliver strong performance for Marlin's shareholders.\"The Company also announced that executive search firm Korn Ferry has been engaged to lead a comprehensive search process to select Mr. Dyer's successor. Today's Other News\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Marlin Business Services Corp. was 14.032388687133789 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Marlin Business Services Corp. was ",
 "expected": "13.88485336303711",
 "date": "2015-10-21",
 "ticker": "MRLN",
 "company": "Marlin Business Services Corp."
}