{
 "context": "The following article called 'Tanzania: German Lender to Give Local SMEs 42bn/ - Financial Support' was published on 2015-08-31. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTanzania: CCM and Opposition Bank On Youth Votes \n\"The timing is just right for the bank to participate for the required impetus to the sector,\" said Mr Ponda through his statement issued to the media. \nHe said the bank has always remained focused to the cause of SMEs, understanding their business needs and structuring products and schemes to suit the SMEs. \n\"The Senior Loan assistance comes at an opportune time when the economy continues to remain buoyant and businesses are graduating to the next rung of the ladder -- small players looking to be there in the 'medium' category. \nThe timing is just right for the bank to participate for the required impetus to the sector,\" he said. The bank currently has a loan book of 582bn/- out of which 291bn/- is financed to the SME sector. \nMr Ponda said that the bank sees an enormous potential for credit assistance to this segment on the backdrop of sustained high economic growth in the Country. \nHe said that Exim Bank has for more than a decade, maintained strong relations with other leading International Development financing institutions (DFIs) like IFC, PROPARCO, NORFUND and FMO. \n\"Signing this loan agreement with DEG asserts the confidence of these International DFIs on this 'largest Local Tanzanian bank', said Mr Ponda. DEG is a subsidiary of KfW, a German government-owned development bank, based in Frankfurt. \nDEG finances investments of private companies in developing and transitioning countries. It has been active in East Africa since 1962, and runs its own representative office in Nairobi. \nThe current portfolio in East Africa covers a financing volume of over EUR 220 Million. \"DEG is proud to be financing the EXIM BANK SME portfolio. \nThe loan facility will support the further development of the small and medium-size business segment across Tanzania and help to address a major constraint to economic growth\", said Ms Gudrun Busch, Director of Financial Institutions Africa and Latin America at DEG. \nMs Busch added that \"In doing so, we contribute to strengthening the Tanzanian financial sector and to creating and safeguarding jobs.\" \nMr Ponda said Exim Bank is continuously improving its services and operational efficiency to meet its customer's needs, while following market trends very closely to remain competitive and meet ever changing diversified financial needs of its customers. \n\"We have expanded our branch network to 30 outlets in Tanzania with a strategic plan to add 3 more during this year. \nThis will help us to further improving upon serving the under-banked bankable target segment in the country. The bank has set an ambitious medium term vision to be the 'Leader in Payments'. Tanzania \nA resident of Korogwe District in Tanga Region, Mathias Barua, will remain behind bars for 30 years for having unnatural \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Tanzania Daily News. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited ADS was 4.211423397064209 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited ADS was ",
 "expected": "4.055747985839844",
 "date": "2015-08-31",
 "ticker": "CCM",
 "company": "Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited ADS"
}