{
 "context": "The following article called 'MEDIA ALERT: Equinix to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nREDWOOD CITY, Calif., Aug. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Equinix, Inc. (Nasdaq: EQIX), the global interconnection and data center company , today announced that its executives will be speaking at three upcoming investor conferences: 17th Annual Pacific Crest Global Technology Leadership Forum in Vail, CO. On Tuesday, August 11, 2015, Charles Meyers, chief operating officer, will be speaking at 9:30 am MT. Cowen and Company Communications Infrastructure Summit in Boulder, CO. On Wednesday, August 12, 2015, Charles Meyers, chief operating officer, will present at 1:20 pm MT. Raymond James 2015 Telecom Investment Summit in Park City, UT. On Tuesday, August 18, 2015, John Knuff, vice president, Global Enterprise, will present at 9:30 am MT. \nThe events will feature a live webcast made available on the Investor Relations section of the Equinix website at www.equinix.com/investors . \nAbout Equinix Equinix, Inc. (Nasdaq: EQIX) connects the world's leading businesses to their customers, employees and partners inside the most interconnected data centers. In 33 markets across five continents, Equinix is where companies come together to realize new opportunities and accelerate their business, IT and cloud strategies. www.equinix.com . \nForward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from expectations discussed in such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, the challenges of acquiring, operating and constructing IBX centers and developing, deploying and delivering Equinix services; unanticipated costs or difficulties relating to the integration of companies we have acquired or will acquire into Equinix; a failure to receive significant revenue from customers in recently built out or acquired data centers; failure to complete any financing arrangements contemplated from time to time; competition from existing and new competitors; the ability to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds to repay new or outstanding indebtedness; the loss or decline in business from our key customers; and other risks described from time to time in Equinix's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, see Equinix's recent quarterly and annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, copies of which are available upon request from Equinix. Equinix does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking information contained in this press release. \nEquinix and IBX are registered trademarks of Equinix, Inc. International Business Exchange is a trademark of Equinix, Inc. \nTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/media-alert-equinix-to-present-at-upcoming-investor-conferences-300124547.html \nSOURCE Equinix, Inc. \nEquinix Investor Relations: Katrina Rymill, (650) 598-6583, krymill@equinix.com, Paul Thomas, (650) 598-6442, pthomas@equinix.com, Equinix Media: Liam Rose, +1 (650) 598-6590, lrose@equinix.com\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was 238.02745056152344 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "237.9765625",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "EQIX",
 "company": "Equinix, Inc."
}