{
 "context": "The following article called 'European retail sales to grow in 2015-16, says Moody's' was published on 2015-09-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nUBGXF 0.00 \nLONDON (ShareCast) - (ShareCast News) - Stronger consumer confidence and continued economic growth will underpin modest European retail sector growth of slightly below 1% in the eurozone and around 1.5% in the UK over the next 12-18 months, according to Moody's. In a new report published on Wednesday, the ratings agency opined that despite continued uncertainty in Greece and Ukraine, European retail sector outlook as a whole is likely to remain stable for the next 12-18 months. \nWith the exception of Russia, whose macroeconomic outlook remains weak, Moody's forecasts modest sales growth in all major European markets, driven by a return to GDP growth in Spain, Portugal and Italy and continued solid economic growth in the UK and Germany, where there is low unemployment and rising real wages. \n\"With consumer confidence at its highest point in many countries since the global recession and economic growth expected to continue across Europe, we expect the extra cash at consumers' disposal to translate into higher sales for retailers,\" said Sven Reinke, senior credit officer at Moody's. \nFurthermore, Reinke noted that as disposable incomes begin to rise consumers will choose to spend more on luxuries and treats like holidays than revert to their pre-downturn spending habits. \nOn the flipside, while UK retail sales are expected to grow moderately and could still outpace the rest of Europe, a potential interest rate rise in early 2016 could dampen demand for big ticket items such as cars, furniture and home improvements. \nEuropean retailers remain vulnerable to risks, such as a potential escalation of the Ukraine crisis or the evolving situation in Greece. In addition, the continued weak euro still weighs on most euro area retailers, although low commodity prices have largely offset the negative impact of more expensive imports from countries outside the single currency, Moody's noted. \nThe ratings agency also said that in light of shifting consumer behaviour, internet retailing will continue to take a higher share of the market, reaching 10% in Western Europe and almost 20% in the UK by 2020. Finally, Moody's would consider changing the sector outlook to positive from stable if annual retail sales increase by at least 2% over the next 12-18 months (Other OTC: UBGXF - news ) .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moody's Corporation was 94.74429321289062 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moody's Corporation was ",
 "expected": "94.19307708740234",
 "date": "2015-09-09",
 "ticker": "MCO",
 "company": "Moody's Corporation"
}