{
 "context": "The following article called 'VALERO ENERGY CORP/TX Files SEC form 8-K, Regulation FD Disclosure, Financial Statements and Exhibits' was published on 2015-09-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nShow all filings for VALERO ENERGY CORP/TX \nForm 8-K for VALERO ENERGY CORP/TX \n8-Sep-2015 \nRegulation FD Disclosure, Financial Statements and Exhibits Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. \nSenior management of Valero Energy Corporation (the \"Company\") will make certain investor presentations beginning as early as September 8, 2015. The slides attached to this report were prepared for management's presentations. The slides are included in Exhibit 99.01 to this report and are incorporated herein by reference. The slides will be available on the Company's website at www.valero.com. \nThe information in this report is being furnished, not filed, pursuant to Regulation FD. Accordingly, the information in Items 7.01 and 9.01 of this report will not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated therein by reference. The furnishing of the information in this report is not intended to, and does not, constitute a determination or admission by the Company that the information in this report is material or complete, or that investors should consider this information before making an investment decision with respect to any security of the Company or any of its affiliates. \nSafe Harbor Statement \nStatements contained in the exhibit to this report that state the Company's or its management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. It is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Factors that could affect those results include those mentioned in the documents that the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. \n(d) Exhibits.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Valero Energy Corporation was 44.1929817199707 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Valero Energy Corporation was ",
 "expected": "46.5969123840332",
 "date": "2015-09-08",
 "ticker": "VLO",
 "company": "Valero Energy Corporation"
}