{
 "context": "The following article called 'Tanzania: Let Traders Keep Away From BRT Lanes' was published on 2015-10-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nZimbabwe: Gunshots As Houses Are Demolished editorial Driving along Morogoro Road in Dar es Salaam from Kimara to Magomeni area shortly after seven in the evening, one may notice how evening hawking business is conducted at these prohibited places. Kinds of businesses that go around those areas include second clothes merchandise, food items, kitchen utensils and some other kinds of goods sold at other famous places like Kariakoo. These traders misuse Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) trunk lanes, though from time to time, relevant authorities have ordered them to vacate. They play cat and mouse, keeping away during the day. But when it gets dark, they go back and resume their business without fear, simply because the city fathers are no longer in control of the areas. The basic question to ask is: Is the law applicable only during the day? We have noticed that for the past two months, the lanes have been used to conduct drivers' training on how to operate the trunk buses that will be used in the project, so the area should be spared only for that particular purpose. The interim period has also been used to familiarise the project to citizens because the system will be completely different from the current transport system used in Dar es Salaam. Why do these petty traders fail to abide by the law? It should be noted that this place needs to be respected for the intended purpose, because it shall be a different system in terms of operations, safety, cleanliness and drivers' professionalism. The new system is also expected to help serve time of passengers, hence increase work efficiency. We wonder why these traders have refused to vacate the area, despite pleas from different authorities who have urged them to do so. It might be hard to drive them away when the project starts to operate in full swing next month. We believe time has come for people to vacate these areas as soon as possible. They should look for other avenues where they can display their merchandise. We insist that petty traders should clear away from all BRT trunk lanes or face legal action. The lanes were designed to improve the transport system in the city and not otherwise. Let relevant authorities take necessary measures to drive away petty traders from all the BRT lanes. The sooner these measures are taken, the better. Tanzania \nMedical personnel in Manyara Region are still baffled by a strange strain, which has so far killed three people and \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Tanzania Daily News. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of BRT Realty Trust was 5.180443286895752 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of BRT Realty Trust was ",
 "expected": "5.2105183601379395",
 "date": "2015-10-22",
 "ticker": "BRT",
 "company": "BRT Realty Trust"
}