{
 "context": "The following article called '2016 OPPS Proposed Rule Updates Two-Midnight Rule' was published on 2015-07-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNews Widget Steven Andrews, for HealthLeaders Media , July 6, 2015 CMS proposes that for stays expected to last less than two midnights, an inpatient admission would be acceptable on a case-by-case basis. Enforcement of the two-midnight rule would shift to Quality Improvement Organizations from Recovery Auditors. \nCMS is sharply accelerating its push toward moving outpatient payments from a fee-for-service model to a true prospective payment system with a number of its proposals in the 2016 OPPS proposed rule , including new comprehensive ambulatory payment classifications APCs (C-APC) and extensive APC consolidation and reconfiguration. \nHighlights of the proposed rule include an update to the two-midnight rule and: Two new status indicators (Q4 and J2) A new comment indicator (NP) A new data collection modifier to understand services related to C-APCs that are billed separately Expanded packaging Multiple changes pertaining to device-related procedure APCs and the inpatient-only list \n\"The rule is deceptively short at less than 700 pages, but it packs a punch with a number of new proposals that providers need to review carefully in order to determine both financial and operational impact,\" says Jugna Shah, MPH , president and founder of Nimitt Consulting, based in Washington, DC, and Spicer, MN. \n\"What's clear is that CMS is moving full steam ahead with carrying out the Department of Health and Human Services Secretary's goal of tying more Medicare payments to quality and value by the end of 2016 and 2018, which includes looking at bundled payments, episodes, and alternate payment models,\" Shah says. \"The 2016 OPPS proposed rule includes a number of proposals that clearly move us in the direction of larger and larger bundles of services.\" \nTwo-Midnight Rule Review Shifts to QIOs CMS introduced no changes to the two-midnight rule in the 2016 IPPS proposed rule but acknowledged plans to address it in the OPPS rule . The agency followed through by proposing changes for stays expected to last less than two midnights. \nCMS proposes that for stays a physician expects to last less than two midnights, an inpatient admission would be acceptable on a case-by-case basis, depending on the judgment of the physician and the documentation justifying the stay. CMS expects short stays for minor surgical procedures or hospital care to be rare and will monitor these types of admissions to prioritize them for medical review. \nResponsibility for educating physicians and enforcement of the two-midnight rule will shift to Quality Improvement Organizations (QIO) from Recovery Auditors, according to the proposed rule. This appears to be a positive change as the QIOs are viewed as likely better equipped than Recovery Auditors to conduct these reviews, but providers will know more once CMS releases information about the medical review strategy, says Shah.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of CMS Energy Corporation was 27.116891860961914 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of CMS Energy Corporation was ",
 "expected": "28.13532829284668",
 "date": "2015-07-06",
 "ticker": "CMS",
 "company": "CMS Energy Corporation"
}