{
 "context": "The following article called 'Yahoo to spin off Alibaba stake despite tax question' was published on 2015-09-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nTue, Sep 29, 2015, 01:22 BST - UK Markets open in 6 hrs 38 mins Yahoo to spin off Alibaba stake despite tax question AFP \u2013 1 hour 17 minutes ago View Photo \n\nYahoo (Hanover: YHO.HA - news ) notified US regulators that it is proceeding with plans to spin off its multi-billion-dollar stake in Alibaba despite the unanswered question of what the tax bill could be. \nYahoo's board of directors has authorized the company to pursue the transaction \"as previously disclosed, except that the completion of the spin-off will not be conditioned upon receipt of a favorable ruling from the IRS,\" the company said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. \nEarly in September, the Internal Revenue Service refused to promise that the Internet pioneer's plan for spinning off its Alibaba holdings would sidestep US taxes. \nThe IRS declined a request for a preliminary ruling that the way the spin-off is structured satisfies requirements for avoiding taxes on the multi-billion-dollar stake in Alibaba. \nAt the same time, the IRS did not indicate for sure that the transaction would be taxable, according to the California-based Internet pioneer. \nYahoo shares sank at the time but were up nearly four percent to $28.70 in after market trades on Monday. \nYahoo said in the filing that it expected the spin-off to be completed in the final quarter of this year, but said it still hinged on final approval by the company's board. \nYahoo in July formally notified US regulators that it is spinning off its stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba to an independent new company called Aabaco Holdings. \nAabaco will wind up owning approximately 384 million shares of the Alibaba Group, representing an interest of about 15 percent, according to an SEC filing. \nThe move was designed to sidestep taxes and appease investors eager to tap into Yahoo's rich stake in Alibaba. The IRS decision to remain mum about the deal for now raised worry by investors that a big tax bill may be in store. \nUnder the spinoff plan, which was announced early this year, all outstanding shares of Aabaco will be distributed to Yahoo stock holders. \nYahoo will also transfer to Aabaco services for small businesses that it hosts in its Internet cloud. \nYahoo bought a 40 percent stake in the Chinese company in 2005 for $1 billion.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was 57.38999938964844 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was ",
 "expected": "58.970001220703125",
 "date": "2015-09-29",
 "ticker": "BABA",
 "company": "Alibaba Group Holding Limited"
}