{
 "context": "The following article called 'Top EU court backs student in Facebook privacy case' was published on 2015-10-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTop EU court backs student in Facebook privacy case Europe's top court backs Austrian student in Facebook privacy case with wide implications 10 minutes ago Content preferences Done \nLUXEMBOURG (AP) -- The European Union's highest court ruled Tuesday in favor of an Austrian law student who claims a trans-Atlantic data protection agreement doesn't adequately protect consumers, a verdict that could have far-reaching implications for tech companies doing business in Europe. \nStudent Max Schrems launched the case following revelations two years ago by former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden about the NSA's surveillance programs. Schrems complained to the data protection commissioner in Ireland, where Facebook has its European headquarters, that U.S. law doesn't offer sufficient protection against surveillance of data transferred by the social media company to servers in the United States. \nIrish authorities initially rejected his complaint, pointing to a 2000 decision by the EU's executive Commission that, under the so-called \"safe harbor\" deal, the U.S. ensures adequate data protection. \nOn Tuesday, the European Court of Justice ruled that decision by the Commission invalid. \nIt said the effect is that the Irish data commissioner will now be required to examine Schrems' complaint \"with all due diligence.\" \nOnce it has concluded its investigation, the authority must \"decide whether ... transfer of the data of Facebook's European subscribers to the United States should be suspended on the ground that that country does not afford an adequate level of protection of personal data,\" the court said in a summary of its ruling. \nFacebook said it couldn't immediately comment. Company Legal & Law Matters\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 94.01000213623047 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "92.4000015258789",
 "date": "2015-10-06",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}