{
 "context": "The following article called 'Why You Can\u2019t Go Wrong With Booker Group Plc, Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, WPP PLC ORD 10P And Talktalk Telecom Group PLC' was published on 2015-07-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nFri, Jul 3, 2015, 11:10 BST - UK Markets close in 5 hrs 20 mins Why You Can\u2019t Go Wrong With Booker Group Plc, Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, WPP PLC ORD 10P And Talktalk Telecom Group PLC By Rupert Hargreaves | Fool.co.uk \u2013 53 minutes ago 1,446.00 +1.0000 \nInvestors often underestimate how important it is for a company to be led by an experienced, trustworthy management team. \nThe best managements work with shareholders best interests in mind. They don't take excessive risks or dilute existing shareholders. And above all, the best management teams look to create value for investors. \nUnfortunately, there are only a few companies around that are run by management teams that exhibit all these qualities. Four of the best are Booker (LSE: BOK), Imperial Tobacco (LSE: IMT), WPP (LSE: WPP) and Talktalk Telecom (LSE: TALK). \nRags to riches \nBooker is one of AIM's greatest success stories. \nThe company started trading on the junior market during 2000. After a few years of being part of the Iceland group, Booker was acquired by Blueheath Holdings during 2007. Since then, the retailer has pushed its way into the FTSE 250, and some analysts believe that the company could make it as far as the FTSE 100. \nUntil earlier this year, Booker had been chaired by Richard Rose, who served for nine years. During the last five years of his reign, Booker's pre-tax profit doubled, and revenue increased by a third. But while Rose is leaving another veteran manager, Charles Wilson, chief executive, remains to carry on creating value for investors. \nWhen Booker returned to the market during 2007, the company's share price was around 24p -- it is now 170p. In addition, shareholders have received 22.70p of dividends. \nBooker's management team certainly knows how to look after investors. \nA turnaround \nWhen Alison Cooper became chief executive of Imperial Tobacco during 2010, she had a long road ahead of her. Five years later and the company's transformation is taking shape. The recently approved deal between Imperial and US based, Reynolds American will be the icing on the cake of the turnaround. \nAt the end of next year, when the acquisition is completed, based on current forecasts Cooper will have increased Imperial's earnings per share by 33% during her period at the company -- not bad for a zero-growth industry. \nOver the same period, Imperial's dividend payout will have doubled, from 80p to around 160p per share. The company currently supports a dividend yield of 4% and since 2010 Imperial's shares have returned 14.8% per annum including dividends. \nOutpacing the market \nTalktalk and WPP are two companies that have taken the market by storm during the past five years. \nTalktalk's management is one of the few management teams that provides long-term growth forecasts. Management is targeting a revenue compound annual growth rate of 5% from 2017 onwards while looking for an EBITDA margin of 25%. \nAccording to historic figures and current estimates, between year-end 2010 and year-end 2017, Talktalk's pre-tax profit will have increased by 390%. The company's shares have returned 28.8% per annum for the past five years. \nSimilarly, WPP's infamous founder and CEO, Sir Martin Sorrell has helped the company double earnings per share during the past five years. City analysts expect earnings to continue growing at a rate of 9% per annum for the next few years. \nOver the past five years, WPP's shares have returned 20.5% per annum including dividends. Over the same period, the FTSE 100 has only returned 10.5%. WPP currently trades at a forward P/E of 15.6. \nRenegade CEO \nIn many cases, investors underestimate the importance of a strong management team. But here at the Motley Fool we love championing CEOs and investors who go against the grain of the City institutions and fund managers. \nAnd we recently stumbled across a company that files under the radar of most investors. \nThe company in question is led by a renegade CEO, who has shunned the City but managed to double group sales within five years . What's more, we believe that the company has the potential to increase profits by 300% to 500% over the next few years. \nWe believe that this could be one of the market's last undiscovered gems. So, our team of top analysts has put together this FREE report on the opportunity. \nThis is something you do not want to miss, and we're offering you the chance to find out more for free right now -- just click here . \nRupert Hargreaves owns shares of Imperial Tobacco Group. The Motley Fool UK has recommended Booker. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of WPP plc American Depositary Shares was 84.4498062133789 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of WPP plc American Depositary Shares was ",
 "expected": "82.8414535522461",
 "date": "2015-07-03",
 "ticker": "WPP",
 "company": "WPP plc American Depositary Shares"
}