{
 "context": "The following article called 'What to Watch in the Week Ahead -- Alibaba, Kraft Heinz, Consumer Prices' was published on 2015-08-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWhat to Watch in the Week Ahead -- Alibaba, Kraft Heinz, Consumer Prices Written by: U-Jin Lee 08/09/15 - 12:15 PM EDT Tickers in this article: AMAT BABA BIDU CSCO FOGO JCP KHC KSS SHAK SYY \nNEW YORK ( TheStreet ) -- During the week of Aug. 10, TheStreet covers key earnings and economic data. \nThe earnings season continues as major companies will release their latest quarterly results. \nMonday is an appetizing one as food company Kraft Heinz , food distributor Sysco , and burger giant Shake Shack are all scheduled to release their latest quarterly results. More Headlines \nwill report its earnings for the very first time since going public in June . On Wednesday, e-commerce giant Alibaba and Cisco Systems are out with their latest numbers. On Thursday, major companies Applied Materials and Kohl's Finally, on Friday, department stores chain J.C. Penny reports its latest earnings results. Among the notable earnings, Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba will be one of the most watched reports. For the first quarter of 2016, analysts are expecting the company to post earnings of $0.58 a share on revenue of $3.4 billion. The company is expected to face some challenges in the latest quarter. Alibaba has been dealing with lawsuits regarding the sale of counterfeit goods on its platforms. In addition, shares have also been under pressure from rival Baidu.com , a Chinese Internet giant . On the economic calendar, TheStreet will cover the Labor Department's Productivity and Costs report , the treasury budget, jobless claims, retail sales, and the Producer Price Index. The Productivity and Costs report shows the growth of labor efficiency in producing the economy's goods and the treasury budget tracks federal budget and revenue. Jobless claims is a weekly report that shows the number of individuals who filed for unemployment insurance for the first time. In addition, retail sales show the total receipts at stores that sell merchandise and related services to final consumers. Finally, the Producer Price Index measures the average changes in prices received by domestic producers for their output.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was 78.81999969482422 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was ",
 "expected": "77.33999633789062",
 "date": "2015-08-09",
 "ticker": "BABA",
 "company": "Alibaba Group Holding Limited"
}