{
 "context": "The following article called 'Activists on Oregon bridge block Shell's Arctic drilling quest' was published on 2015-07-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nThu, Jul 30, 2015, 21:00 BST - UK Markets closed Activists on Oregon bridge block Shell's Arctic drilling quest Reuters - UK Focus \u2013 15 minutes ago \n(Adds details on the protest, background) \nBy Shelby Sebens \nPORTLAND, Ore., July 30 (Reuters) - Greenpeace protesters dangling from a bridge in Portland, Oregon, on Thursday forced back an icebreaker that Royal Dutch Shell (Xetra: R6C1.DE - news ) needs in Alaska to start drilling in the Arctic. \nThe 13 Greenpeace protesters, who rappelled down from the bridge over the Willamette River early on Wednesday, are hoping to shorten Shell (LSE: RDSB.L - news ) 's Arctic drilling season by stopping the Fennica icebreaker, which is carrying emergency equipment that would cap any blown-out well. \nShell is not allowed to start drilling without it and the drilling season ends in October, when sea ice encroaches. \nGreenpeace says Arctic drilling could be damaging to populations of whales, polar bears and walrus if there is an oil spill. \nThe activists are the latest group to stage waterborne demonstrations over the past three months in a bid to block Shell vessels from heading north, following similar demonstrations in Seattle and other Washington state port areas. \nThe Fennica stalled once it neared the St. John's bridge on the Willamette, which leads to the Pacific Ocean. Protesters lowered themselves with ropes to prevent the ship from passing under the span, forcing the vessel back to port. \nBy late Thursday morning, more than two dozen kayakers were also on the river flanked by protesters dangling from ropes with large red and yellow banners chanting \"Shell No\" as a Coast Guard boat stood watch. The bridge has been opened to road and water traffic, and protesters are letting all other vessels pass under the bridge. \nOnlookers sympathetic to the protests, including a young woman playing a piano, filled a nearby park and occasionally cheered in support. \n\"When that ship turned, that was history,\" said kayaker Michael Foster. \nThe U.S. Coast Guard issued warnings to the protesters, saying they were unwelcome, trespassing and violating the safety zone. \n\"Our primary concern is for the safety of the individuals on the water,\" Coast Guard Petty Officer George Degener said. \"We want them to understand we want them to exercise those First Amendment rights but we want them to be safe.\" \nShell spokesman Curtis Smith said the company respects the rights of individuals to protest. \"We just ask that they do so safely and within the boundaries of the law,\" he said. \nShell hopes to return to the Arctic for the first time since 2012, when it experienced a series of mishaps including the grounding of an oil rig. (Additional reporting by Timothy Gardner in Washington; Editing by Dan Grebler and Sandra Maler)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was 26.48546028137207 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was ",
 "expected": "25.97165298461914",
 "date": "2015-07-30",
 "ticker": "SHLX",
 "company": "Shell Midstream Partners, L.P."
}