{
 "context": "The following article called 'Alibaba's Ma appointed business advisor to UK's Cameron' was published on 2015-10-19. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nMon, Oct 19, 2015, 14:27 BST - UK Markets close in 2 hrs 3 mins Alibaba's Ma appointed business advisor to UK's Cameron AFP \u2013 16 minutes ago View Photo \n\nOne of China's top businessmen, Alibaba founder Jack Ma, has been appointed by British Prime Minister David Cameron to advise him on business, Downing Street said Monday. \nThe announcement came the day before a four-day state visit to Britain by Chinese President Xi Jinping and as Britain seeks to boost its business ties with the world's second-largest economy. \nCameron's spokeswoman told reporters the two would meet later Monday and that Ma, currently executive chairman of the Alibaba Group, would be joining the prime minister's business advisory group. \nThe e-commerce boss will \"provide particular help and advice on how to get small and medium sized British businesses boosting their exports and in particular accessing Chinese markets through platforms like Alibaba\". \nCameron and his finance minister George Osborne believe that close ties with China are vital to cementing Britain's economic growth in decades to come. \nBut human rights activists accuse the centre-right Conservative government of kowtowing to China and the state visit is expected to be accompanied by protests. \nCameron's Business Advisory Group had 19 members in July -- most of them chief executives of top British companies, including the heads of BP, Easyjet (Other OTC: EJTTF - news ) and Rolls Royce (LSE: RR.L - news ) . \nMembership is not remunerated.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was 71.98999786376953 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited was ",
 "expected": "71.79000091552734",
 "date": "2015-10-19",
 "ticker": "BABA",
 "company": "Alibaba Group Holding Limited"
}