{
 "context": "The following article called 'Dr. Ruth Tarantine Joins Colorado Technical University as University Dean of Nursing' was published on 2015-09-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nDr. Ruth Tarantine Joins Colorado Technical University as University Dean of Nursing 25-Year Industry Leader Poised to Accelerate CTU\u2019s Commitment to Nursing Education Colorado Technical University 5 hours ago \ue071 Done \nCOLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- \nColorado Technical University (CTU), a leading provider of campus-based and online higher education, is pleased to announce the appointment of Dr. Ruth Tarantine as its university dean of nursing. In this newly redefined role, Tarantine will fortify the university\u2019s academic leadership in the nursing discipline and help advance CTU\u2019s nursing degree programs to meet current and future demand for qualified nurses. \nDr. Tarantine is a widely-respected nursing industry leader, educator, and researcher. Recognized by the American Association of Critical-Care Nurses (AACN) for maintaining critical care certification for more than 20 years, her professional experience is underpinned by more than two decades serving as a nurse at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. Fueled by her passion for continuous learning, Dr. Tarantine earned her doctorate in nursing practice from Chatham University and her master\u2019s in nursing education from the University of Pittsburgh. \n\u201cI\u2019m honored for the opportunity to lead the charge in expanding CTU\u2019s nursing degree programs,\u201d said Tarantine. \u201cI look forward to leveraging what the university does best \u2013 providing quality curriculum that enables students to apply real world knowledge to grow their expertise and reach their education goals. This is an exciting time for nursing education and I am thrilled to join CTU\u2019s progressive team.\u201d \nDr. Tarantine joins CTU from Academic Partnerships, where she was the director of healthcare and responsible for driving the innovative design of new nursing programs for public universities. Prior to Academic Partnerships, Tarantine served as the chair of graduate nursing programs for South University where she oversaw the university\u2019s online nursing program portfolio. Dr. Tarantine continually demonstrates her leadership, passion, and commitment to the healthcare field as one of a few national experts who have successfully scaled complex nursing practica through innovation. \n\u201cDr. Tarantine understands the demands of a nursing program from both an academic perspective and from firsthand experience in the nursing profession,\u201d said Dr. Connie Johnson, chief academic officer and provost at CTU. \u201cHer depth of knowledge and perspective will help to guide our nursing program to the next level and we are delighted she\u2019s joined our team.\u201d \nCTU has made a commitment to make nursing education more accessible and improve the delivery of online curriculum with intellipath\u2122, a personalized learning technology that assess what students already know and helps them uncover new areas to learn. The appointment of Dr. Tarantine reinforces this pledge to being a highly relevant and credible nursing educator for both traditional and non-traditional students. With nursing careers projected to increase by nearly 20 percent by 2020 1 , the CCNE accredited nursing program at CTU is well positioned to help nurses pursue their bachelor of science in nursing degree; which further supports the Institute of Medicine\u2019s recommendation that the proportion of nurses with baccalaureate degrees be increased to 80 percent by that same year. 2 \n\u201cWe are pleased to welcome a leader with Dr. Tarantine\u2019s diverse healthcare background and expertise to our team,\u201d said Andrew H. Hurst, CTU\u2019s university president. \u201cCTU is driving innovation within our nursing program and she shares our vision to prepare nursing students to become leaders in the nursing profession. We look forward to continued advancement in these programs under her leadership.\u201d \nCTU is dedicated to building curriculum that supports the growing needs and demands of the country\u2019s workforce. With nursing as currently the largest segment in the U.S. Health Care Workforce 3 , the university will continue to collaborate with employers to understand skills gaps and meet their current and projected workforce needs. The arrival of Dr. Tarantine is yet another addition to the real world faculty members and industry experienced deans that lead CTU\u2019s other degree areas. \nAbout Colorado Technical University\u2019s Nursing Programs \nCTU simplifies the advancement from RN to a Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) and provide a fast, flexible, and affordable option for busy nurses in the workforce. Offered online and accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE), CTU\u2019s BSN program is designed to allow nurses to finish their degree at an accelerated pace. Moreover, CTU\u2019s experienced admissions advisors understand nurses\u2019 priorities and help them save time and money under the university\u2019s credit transfer policy. Both CTU\u2019s BSN and Masters of Science in Nursing (MSN) degree programs are structured to help students navigate real-world challenges and emerging trends in the nursing practice. Learn more at http://www.coloradotech.edu/degrees/bachelors/nursing and http://www.coloradotech.edu/degrees/masters/nursing . \nAbout Colorado Technical University \nFounded in 1965, Colorado Technical University (CTU) provides higher education to connect students to what matters most in reaching their professional goals. CTU offers more than 100 undergraduate and graduate programs taught by real-world faculty members who enrich the curriculum with their industry experience and prepare students for today\u2019s challenges and the hard-hitting problems of tomorrow. CTU\u2019s personalized, online learning system allows students to control what, where, when and how they learn. Students can also learn and connect on campuses in multiple cities. With the help of faculty, industry professionals and more than 80,000 graduates, CTU students can also grow a powerful professional network to use their entire career. Learn more at www.coloradotech.edu . \nColorado Technical University is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission, www.hlcommission.org . CTU cannot guarantee employment or salary. Find employment rates, financial obligations and other disclosures at www.coloradotech.edu/disclosures . CTU is also a member of the Career Education Corporation ( CECO ) network of universities, colleges and schools. For more information, visit www.careered.com .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Actuant Corporation was 19.36324691772461 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Actuant Corporation was ",
 "expected": "18.958412170410156",
 "date": "2015-09-09",
 "ticker": "EPAC",
 "company": "Actuant Corporation"
}