{
 "context": "The following article called 'Why Is General Motors Launching Sedans When SUV Sales Are Booming?' was published on 2015-09-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMotley Fool Mobile Why Is General Motors Launching Sedans When SUV Sales Are Booming? SUV sales are up and sedan sales are down, but GM is spending big to launch two new sedans over the next few months. Here's why that actually makes sense. John Rosevear TMFMarlowe Sep 3, 2015 at 8:22AM The new-for-2016 Chevy Malibu has many great features -- but it's not an SUV. Is it doomed from the start? Source: General Motors. \nSUV sales have surged in recent months. But at the same time, sales of sedans have dropped significantly. \nIt's a well-documented trend: More and more buyers are choosing car-based \"crossover\" SUVs as replacements for traditional sedans. Sales of longtime industry stalwarts like Honda 's ( NYSE:HMC ) Accord and Civic are down sharply this year . \nGeneral Motors ( NYSE:GM ) hasn't been immune to the trend. Sales of its mainstream sedans -- the Chevrolet Cruze, Malibu, and Impala -- are all down this year through August. \nThe good news is that unlike some of its Japanese rivals, GM has been able to capture an outsized share of SUV sales , more than enough to make up the difference. \nBut at a moment when GM's dealers could really use even more SUVs to sell, GM is about to spend a lot of money launching two new -- you guessed it -- mainstream sedans. \nSome analysts have suggested that GM might have its priorities mixed up. Does it? \nComing soon, the all-new Malibu and Cruze Very soon, shipments of the all-new 2016 Chevrolet Malibu will begin arriving at dealerships around the country. I examined a preproduction version of the new Malibu back in April, and it appears to be a big improvement over the current car. Fit and finish, fuel economy, and interior space are all improved -- and it's a better-looking car than the current model, too. \nEarly next year, GM will follow up its all-new Malibu with another all-new Chevy sedan. The also-all-new-for-2016 Chevrolet Cruze follows the same template as the new Malibu: It's lighter in weight, but roomier inside; it's loaded with new high-tech features, and it has a stylish new body that (like the new Malibu) riffs on the basic shape of the full-size Impala while maintaining its own identity. \nThe Malibu will be offered in a brand-new hybrid version that uses technology developed for another all-new 2016 Chevy sedan, the Volt. And the Cruze will feature a new turbocharged 1.4 liter four-cylinder with some high-tech tricks that are expected to result in an EPA highway mileage rating around 40 miles per gallon. The new-for-2016 Chevrolet Cruze will start arriving at dealers early next year. Source: General Motors. \nGM spent a lot of money on these new products. CEO Mary Barra is determined to make every new GM product the best in its individual market segment. The new Malibu and Cruze are aiming not just to match models like the Accord and Civic, but to beat them. \nMany of GM's most recent products have been terrific -- almost surprisingly so, given GM's long track record of mediocrity. Whether critics will rate the Cruze and Malibu as tops in their respective classes remains to be seen, but both look very strong from here. \nBut again, sales of the Accord and Civic -- and most of their compact and midsize rivals -- have been terrible recently, and show no signs of picking up. Why now? \nThese new cars will boost GM's profits -- even in a sales slump First, even for the most efficient and streamlined automakers, it takes over two years to develop a new vehicle from scratch -- anywhere from 28 to 36 months is typical. These products were probably first planned three years go, before the big drop in gas prices exacerbated consumers' shift to SUVs. \nSecond, sedan sales may be down, but GM (and its rivals) still sell a lot of sedans . They're still hugely important products and they still generate substantial profits. \nAnd what's more, those profits are set to jump, even if the total number of sales continues to decline. \nU.S. sales of the Malibu were down 6% last year, but GM still sold 188,519 of them. It also sold over 273,000 Cruzes -- and GM expects the new Malibu and Cruze to boost its average profit per car by $1,500 to $2,000. \nDo the math on that. \nActually, I did it for you. Strong new models generally cause sales to jump. But even if the new Malibu and Cruze don't generate any more sales than GM managed with the old models last year, GM's pre-tax profits should get a boost to the tune of at least $690 million . \nAs a GM shareholder, I'll be happy to take that gain -- sedan slump or not. \nOh, and one more thing: GM is already working on increasing its production of SUVs . \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nJohn Rosevear owns shares of General Motors. The Motley Fool recommends General Motors. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers John Rosevear Fool Contributor John Rosevear is the senior auto specialist for Fool.com. John has been writing about the auto business and investing for over 20 years, and for The Motley Fool since 2007. Follow @jrosevear Article Info Sep 3, 2015 at 8:22AM Industrials\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was 23.810260772705078 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was ",
 "expected": "23.54126739501953",
 "date": "2015-09-03",
 "ticker": "GM",
 "company": "General Motors Company"
}