{
 "context": "The following article called 'Equinix quantifies the full business impact of Interconnection' was published on 2015-10-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nEquinix quantifies the full business impact of Interconnection Interconnected enterprises on trajectory to double globally by 2017 from 38% to 84% Equinix, Inc. 38 minutes ago   Calif., Oct. 21,   Equinix recently announced findings of the Enterprise of the Future report, providing significant insights into what 1,000 IT decision-makers consider their strategic business and IT priorities, and how they are addressing them. In particular, our survey showed a steep trajectory in interconnection deployments (doubling from 38% to 84% by 2017) as more enterprises worldwide look to interconnection to realize their most pressing corporate opportunities. View photo . \nInterconnection provides direct and secure, physical or virtual connection between a company and its partners, customer and employees. The interconnection surge that will take place over the next 24 months will bring about a great transformation in the way global enterprises connect, communicate and collaborate with customers, partners and employees. But interestingly, our research showed that \"non-interconnected\" enterprises' expectations for the business impact of this shift may be much too low. \nThe survey respondents were asked to rank the importance of several business challenges/opportunities as they relate to either having deployed interconnection (\"the interconnected enterprises\") or exploring interconnection in the future (\"the non-interconnected enterprises\"). The chart below shows the differences between the interconnected versus non-interconnected enterprises' perceptions of the importance of these various business challenges/opportunities as they relate to interconnection. \nAcross every single challenge or opportunity, companies who have not yet deployed interconnection solutions have much lower expectations for the strategic role interconnection can play in achieving their highest priority business goals. Whereas, the interconnected enterprises that are already experiencing the benefits of interconnection firsthand have higher expectations of interconnection, based on the significant value they have seen to date. The gap between the way interconnected enterprises see the world versus non-interconnected enterprises highlights the true value of interconnection. \nWhen it comes to interconnection, following are three key areas where interconnected enterprises perceive interconnection to be more important than non-interconnected enterprises: Reduces Risks, Improves Security and Minimizes Exposure 21% more interconnected enterprises see the critical role direct and secure interconnection plays in securing valuable corporate assets, including reputation. Delivers a More Positive Experience to the User 16% more interconnected enterprises realize that flexible and agile interconnection is making them more responsive to changing user requirements and business/technology trends. Increase Application Performance 11% more interconnected enterprises see how proximate interconnection enables them to deliver real-time performance, regardless of workload and for less cost. \nTo continue reading the full blog post, click here: https://blog.equinix.com/2015/10/the-enterprise-of-the-future-realizing-the-full-business-impact-of-interconnection/  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was 22.177045822143555 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was ",
 "expected": "21.42288589477539",
 "date": "2015-10-21",
 "ticker": "AA",
 "company": "Alcoa Inc."
}