{
 "context": "The following article called 'Music Teacher Insurance: Protect Your Tutorials For Value Against Money (Johnson Victor)' was published on 2015-08-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Johnson Victor Aug 21, 2015 Home tutoring is gradually turning out to be an emerging line of work across the world. In this setup, an educator instead of imparting education through traditional means (such as school or college), prefers to teach in a free environment. In such a system of imparting education rules and regulations' are self made as well as practiced, as a result students can interact closely with their tutors. Since tutoring is gradually becoming a handpicked career option for many, it is quite vital for them to purchase an insurance policy specifically designed for these tutors. Among entire lot and type of tutors who is presently offering their services to a brood of kids, music teachers are possibly the most popular and well accepted ones.Nowadays, parents are keen to train their kids in music, and that's why lookout for skilled and certified music teachers. No doubt, music tutoring at home or at a privately run school is in huge crave; but mind it this sector too isn't free from its own share of threats. Thus, music teachers thinking about a well designed insurance make a sense. Insurance is one of the securest ways through which musicians, whether they are tutors or solo performers can safeguard themselves along with their precious instruments and equipments from the entire set of dangers that can otherwise prove to be spoiled sport.As music veteran, if you are actively involved in imparting music lessons to children, and looking for Music Teacher Insurance; the first and foremost step you should take is to search for a reputed insurance provider that has a niche in solving qualms of music fraternity. These days you will find piles of insurance vendors who put forward specially designed plans and policies for music tutors, solo performer, retailers and so on. Purchasing an insurance plan from such firms gives you a cost- effective deal, as you attain exactly what you want.With this insurance in hand, your financial losses occurred due to damage of instruments and equipments owing to mishandling by the students. On the other hand, if the instruments get damaged due to fire or natural disaster, this particular insurance can cover the major portion of the financial loss.Event Liability Insurance CoverageThis type of insurance coverage shields music teacher, in case either of his students (or the visitor who had stopovers his tutorials to have a glance of his classes) get personally injured due to either of the reasons. In case, if either the student gets injured on his head from any of the accessory of the music instrument and cites your casualness as the reason for the injury, you can be booked for this negligence. If the parents of the students ask for the compensation, this insurance can help the educator to pay for the losses. About the Author In this write up, author makes the readers understand the benefits of acquiring Music Teacher Insurance by music tutors ; and how does Event Liability Insurance helps them to counter certain issues. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Johnson & Johnson was 82.94979095458984 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Johnson & Johnson was ",
 "expected": "78.53324890136719",
 "date": "2015-08-21",
 "ticker": "JNJ",
 "company": "Johnson & Johnson"
}