{
 "context": "The following article called 'Western Union's Paymap Refunds $33 Million After Mortgage-Payment Probe' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWestern Union's Paymap Refunds $33 Million After Mortgage-Payment Probe Written by: Valerie Young 07/28/15 - 6:37 PM EDT Tickers in this article: WU \nNEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Western Union's Paymap subsidiary agreed to refund $33 million to customers the federal government says didn't get advertised benefits of a program that promised to save them thousands of dollars on interest charges by making their mortgage payments more frequently. \nPaymap, based in Colorado, will also pay a $5 million penalty to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to settle the claims while partner LoanCare , a Virginia-based home-mortgage servicer, will pay $100,000. The bureau, created by the Dodd-Frank reform law in the wake of the financial crisis, enforces federal protections for consumers dealing with U.S. finance companies. \nOver the last 4 years, Paymap and LoanCare pitched an Equity Accelerator Program that promised to drastically reduce borrowers' interest on home mortgages by making biweekly, rather than monthly, payments, the bureau said in a statement. The companies claimed the average customer would achieve over $33,000 in interest savings, the bureau said. More Headlines Gold Trader Says Prices Can Go Lower \n\"Only a tiny percentage, if any, of its customers achieved that amount of interest savings,\" the bureau added. Although the companies promised to pay consumers' mortgages every two weeks, and in fact withdrew money from customers' accounts on that schedule, they simply held the money in custodial accounts and submitted payments to the mortgage holder once a month, the bureau said. \nThe companies charged an enrollment fee of $295 and, typically, fees of $2.50 for each automatic deduction from customers' checking accounts, the bureau said. Any interest savings that consumers get through the Equity Accelerator Program is because they make a higher annual mortgage payment, using the same schedule as before enrollment, the bureau said. \n\"Today's action is delivering relief for consumers deceived by Paymap and LoanCare, and sending a clear message that these practices will not be tolerated,\" bureau director Richard Cordray said in the statement. About 125,000 consumers will receive refunds, the bureau said, and both companies will be required to stop their unlawful advertising and marketing practices. \nPaymap did not admit or deny the agency's allegations, Western Union said in a regulatory filing today. Representatives of Paymap and LoanCare didn't respond to messages seeking comment on the bureau's action.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Western Union Company (The) was 14.60946273803711 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Western Union Company (The) was ",
 "expected": "14.907294273376465",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "WU",
 "company": "Western Union Company (The)"
}