{
 "context": "The following article called 'DELTA Selects ARRIS E6000\u2122 CER to Boost Broadband Speeds' was published on 2015-09-11. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nAMSTERDAM, Sept. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- ARRIS Group Inc . (NASDAQ: ARRS) today announced that Dutch operator DELTA N.V. selected the ARRIS E6000\u2122 Converged Edge Router (CER) to enhance its broadband services and prepare for tomorrow's IP video delivery. \nDELTA will deploy the ARRIS E6000 CER to enhance broadband services for its 100K customers in the Zeeland province of the Netherlands. With the E6000 CER, DELTA has future plans to deliver speeds of up to 400Mbps-double the bandwidth its customers enjoy today. The new CCAP solution will also enable DELTA to lower the cost per MB delivered to customers. \n\"The E6000 CER is an investment in delivering tomorrow's services that delivers tangible service and CAPEX benefits today,\" says Steve McCaffery, Senior Vice President, EMEA & Asia Pacific at ARRIS. \"DELTA is realizing those advantages in its installation and configuration process, operational efficiencies, and service capacity. And its customers soon will see them materialize in the form of faster broadband speeds and exciting new entertainment and communications services.\" \n\"The E6000 CER enables DELTA to stay ahead of our subscribers' demands for faster speeds and new services and building a foundation for tomorrow's network,\" said Andre Meulmeester, Head of Network Development at DELTA. \"Our collaboration with ARRIS is at a high standard and let us keep a grip on operational expenditure in times of fast growing network services and data traffic.\" \nPowering Smarter Networks: The ARRIS E6000 CER Global momentum for the E6000 CER continues to showcase its value to the world's leading service providers. This announcement extends its streak of recent global wins including Liberty Global, Comcast, SK Broadband, GCI, and WOW! \nThe E6000 CER is based on the Converged Cable Access Platform (CCAP) specification that enables operators to optimize IP content delivery and to cost-effectively deploy services. The E6000 CER is the industry's leading CCAP solution, providing service to millions of subscribers worldwide through a high-availability, high-performance solution that supports a redundant design. \nAbout DELTA DELTA is a Dutch independent supplier of energy. The company supplies energy, infrastructure and digital services. DELTA wants to make life as easy as possible for its customers and is constantly looking for ways of offering added value. The shares are owed by the municipalities of Zeeland, Noord-Brabant, Zuid-Holland and the provinces of Zeeland and Noord-Brabant. DELTA supplies gas, electricity and digital services to private and business clients in Zeeland and beyond. \nAbout ARRIS ARRIS is a global innovator in IP, video and broadband technology. We have continually worked with our customers to transform the experience of entertainment and communications for millions of people around the world. The people of ARRIS are dedicated to the success of our customers, bringing a passion for invention that has fueled our history: We created digital TV, delivered the first wireless broadband gateway and are pioneering the standards and pathways for tomorrow's personalized, Ultra HD, multiscreen, and cloud services. We are dedicated to meeting today's challenges and preparing for the tasks the future holds. Collaborating with our customers, ARRIS will continue to solve the most pressing challenges of 21st century communications. Together, we are inventing the future. For more information: www.arris.com . \nFor the latest ARRIS news: Check out our Blog: ARRIS EVERYWHERE Follow us on Twitter @ARRIS \nARRIS and the ARRIS Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of ARRIS Enterprises, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. \u00a9 ARRIS Enterprises, Inc. 2015. All rights reserved. \nTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/delta-selects-arris-e6000-cer-to-boost-broadband-speeds-300141600.html \nSOURCE ARRIS Group Inc. \nDavid Hulmes, +44 7834 575 863, David.Hulmes@arris.com\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was 42.13922119140625 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "42.50178527832031",
 "date": "2015-09-11",
 "ticker": "DAL",
 "company": "Delta Air Lines, Inc."
}