{
 "context": "The following article called 'Vodafone tops machine to machine service rankings' was published on 2015-07-11. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  10 July 2015 23:00 CET Vodafone tops machine to machine service rankings By GNA \nAccra, July 10, GNA - Vodafone has been ranked for the fourth consecutive year as the best service provider for Machine to Machine (M2M) communications: \nM2M communications are a range of technologies that allow networked devices exchange information, interpret it and even perform actions without manual human assistance. \nA statement issued by Vodafone Ghana said the rating was done independently by Analysys Mason, a telecommunications, media and technology consultancy and research firm, through its scorecard which ranks M2M service providers on five criteria, including scale and execution, technological enablement, and customer and after sales support. \nCommenting on the ratings, Mr Morgan Mullooly, telecoms analyst at Analysys Mason said: Few global operators provide M2M services at the highest levels, which made it difficult to identify an exceptional operator. Vodafone manages the greatest number of connections, which is the most unambiguous metric of scale and execution. It also has leading partnerships, network capabilities and clarity of vision, among other remarkable attributes.' \nThe statement said: 'Vodafone is the only provider to be ranked number one in all five criteria and has been rated the global leader in every annual survey since Analysys Mason initiated the M2M Scorecard in 2011. \nVodafone Ghana said the Vodafone Group reported 21.5 million M2M connections at the end of March 2015. \n'I am delighted that our strategy, vision and scale of deployment have kept us in pole position for a record breaking fourth year', Mr Erik Brenneis, Vodafone Director of M2M was quoted as saying. \nVodafone Ghana said the Vodafone Group was in the process of deploying its reliable and well-tested system into Ghana and the rest of Africa to satisfy its customers. \n'It is true we are currently using Machine-2-Machine in a somewhat smaller scale in Ghana. However, we are set for a take-off that will undoubtedly transcend all spheres of the corporate world. The concept is the new frontier of the digitization journey and our customers cannot be left out of its benefits', Angela Mensah-Poku Head of Vodafone Business Solutions said. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vodafone Group Plc was 25.0039005279541 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vodafone Group Plc was ",
 "expected": "25.367382049560547",
 "date": "2015-07-11",
 "ticker": "VOD",
 "company": "Vodafone Group Plc"
}