{
 "context": "The following article called 'Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd. Reviews The Linkage Between CSR, Livelihood and Climate Change (Aanand Kumar)' was published on 2015-10-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Aanand Kumar Oct 17, 2015 Climate change is the biggest threat to mankind, and the harmful effects of global warming is now quite visible with rainfall patterns changing, floods, droughts and sea-level rising. Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd. reviews that climate change has direct impact on livelihood of people, especially the marginalised. Livelihood security is fast becoming a challenge for developing and under-developed countries. Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd. reviews that often communities are concerned that how the changing weather patterns is going to affect their livelihood. Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd. comprehends that it will definitely impact one and all, however, the intensity of impact will be determined by the profession, age, and exactly where the people live. Therefore, what is needed is for all of us including governments, corporations, and individuals need to work in tandem to mitigate the impact of global warming. As Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd. has been working in the CSR and sustainability domain for the past seven years, it suggests that through sustainable approaches of corporations and consumers along with corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives, developing economies such as India can ensure the mitigation process gets a boost. Through CSR projects in India, the corporations would be able to help the marginalised communities to enhance their livelihood security measures. As a part of their CSR environment projects and CSR livelihood projects, corporations can provide CSR grant for Climate Smart Agriculture. Even in areas where there is drought, through rain water harvesting, solar pump stations and drip irrigation, corporations can ensure their CSR initiatives in India become life saving mechanisms on ground, especially addressing poverty, food security and farmer suicides. Apart from this, corporations can invest their CSR funds towards development of crucial infrastructure such as hospitals, warehouses, cold storages, digital marketplaces etc. that improves the standard of living of the poor, especially in the rural areas covering each and every corner of the country. Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd. reviews that India is a country that needs to quickly provide livelihood opportunities to its young population to address their growing challenges. India needs to ensure that climate change doesn't affect its growth vision, else it will be impossible to feed millions of people who are still reeling under poverty. Let's hope that with right policies and effective implementation of initiatives, India can address the challenges related to climate change and livelihood. About the Author\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Centerspace was 58.07283401489258 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Centerspace was ",
 "expected": "59.024837493896484",
 "date": "2015-10-17",
 "ticker": "CSR",
 "company": "Centerspace"
}