{
 "context": "The following article called 'Garrett Knight Associates: Dorsey Stock Purchases Buoy Twitter (Emery Fine)' was published on 2015-08-26. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Emery Fine Aug 26, 2015 Garrett Knight Associates says stock in embattled social media company, Twitter, jumped earlier this week after its co-founder and current interim CEO, Jack Dorsey announced that he had purchased $875,000 of shares as a way of investing in the micro-blogging service's future.San Francisco, California-based Twitter came in for a drubbing earlier this month after it reported Q2 results that squarely beat Wall Street expectations in terms of revenues and earnings but disappointed on growth in the number of monthly active users.\"Twitter is now trading firmly below the level it closed at on its first day of trading and the cloud of uncertainty hanging over it will persist until such time as they appoint a permanent CEO to replace Dick Costolo and find a way to assuage fears of user growth,\" said Lucas Rome a technology analyst at Garrett Knight Associates. The Japan-based investment boutique pointed out, however, that Mr. Dorsey's announcement of his investment should be taken in context against a clear pattern in previous stock transactions that has seen him sell far more than he has bought. \"Mr. Dorsey's announcement may have had the effect in temporarily lifting the stock price but it also, unfortunately, tends to invite scrutiny of his transaction history. Looking closely at that history, Mr. Dorsey has sold shares worth $15 million since Twitter's IPO which makes the $875,000 he bought this week look rather paltry by comparison,\" added Rome.   neutral on Twitter citing headwinds facing the company as it struggles to clarify the point of its service to an audience that remains slightly confused as to why they need it.\"While we're not suggesting clients sell TWTR, we are waiting to see what progress is made with regard to a new CEO and user growth before taking advantage of the relatively low stock price,\" concluded Rome.About  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Twitter, Inc. was 24.3799991607666 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Twitter, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "26.459999084472656",
 "date": "2015-08-26",
 "ticker": "TWTR",
 "company": "Twitter, Inc."
}