{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nigeria: Lawyers, It Experts Fault Cybercrime Laws' was published on 2015-08-31. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNigeria: Many People Refused Offers to Invest in MTN Nigeria-Pascal Dozie \nThe Cybercrime Act 2015 was signed by former President Goodluck Jonathan on May 15, to curb criminal activities on the internet. \nThe new Cybercrime Act, stipulates that any crime or injury on critical national information infrastructure, sales of pre-registered SIM cards, unlawful access to computer systems, Cyber-Terrorism, among others, are punishable offences. \nThe keynote speaker, Barrister Basil Udotai listed some legal constraints in the act to include decentralised and distributed enforcement framework, compliance, NSA act, doubtful impact of the cyber security fund, unnecessarily transactional in certain areas and special provisions on the financial sector and dangerous tendency for shifting focus. \nHe said the 2011 cybercrime draft act would have been better than the passed 2015 act which has \"a lot of social deficiency.\" \nAccording to him, while the act provides a sigh of relief to telecoms subscribers and operators, there remains the need for all the stakeholders to work together to protect the internet link in the country against fraudsters. \nHe said the cooperation would be a key way through which the digital economy would be protected and carried on with legal framework. \nHe said, \"The cybercrime Act though long in coming and beset with certain challenges components. It may be applied to effectively tackle Nigeria's cybercrime and cyber security challenges. But deliberate efforts have to be made by the key players working with stakeholders to make this reality.\" \nHead of Legal Service of the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), Mr Emmanuel Edet said it was important to have the law in place adding that it would allow government curb online related crimes. \nEdet said the law should take cognisance of all definitions as there were lots of interest in the system but certain fundamental flaws in the act should be addressed to meet international standard. \nHe called on stakeholders to engage all relevant authorities and agencies to find a way the law would be relevant in Nigeria. \nHe said it should not only be based on how the online criminal would be punished but also prevents it from being committed. \nAlso, President, Consumer Advocacy Foundation of Nigeria (CAFON), Mrs Sola Salako said the law would go a long way to protect consumers' rights especially in the area of prepaid transactions. \nSalako said consumers protection in online transaction was very important considering a lots of illegal deduction of money online business transactions. Nigeria \nAt last, the Nigerian Army has started making good its plans to screen and bring back into the service, some categories \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Daily Trust. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was 95.7103271484375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "92.0037612915039",
 "date": "2015-08-31",
 "ticker": "MTN",
 "company": "Vail Resorts, Inc."
}