{
 "context": "The following article called 'Activists rappel off Oregon bridge to stop Shell icebreaker' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nThu, Jul 30, 2015, 3:55 AM AEST - Australia Markets open in 6 hrs 5 mins Activists rappel off Oregon bridge to stop Shell icebreaker Protesters dangle off Portland bridge to stop Shell icebreaker from leaving By Steven Dubois, Associated Press | Associated Press \u2013 1 hour 7 minutes ago Recommend View Photo \nActivists hang from the St. Johns bridge in Portland, Ore., Wednesday, July 29, 2015, to protest the departure of Royal Dutch Shell PLC icebreaker Fennica, which is in Portland for repairs. The icebreaker is a vital part of Shell's exploration and spill-response plan off Alaska's northwest coast. Greenpeace officials say the activists have enough water and food to last for days, and can hoist themselves to allow other marine traffic to pass. (AP Photo/Don Ryan) \nPORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- Environmental activists rappelled off Portland's tallest bridge early Wednesday in an effort to stop a Shell Oil Arctic icebreaker from leaving the city. \nThirteen protesters dangled from the St. Johns Bridge while another 13 remained on the bridge as lookouts. Greenpeace USA executive director Annie Leonard said the activists have enough water and food to last for days, and can hoist themselves to allow other marine traffic to pass. \nThe Royal Dutch Shell PLC icebreaker Fennica arrived in Portland for repairs last week. The vessel was damaged earlier this month in the Aleutian Islands when it struck an underwater obstruction, tearing a gash in its hull. \nThe icebreaker is a vital part of Shell's exploration and spill-response plan off Alaska's northwest coast. It protects Shell's fleet from ice and carries equipment that can stop gushing oil. \nOpponents of Arctic drilling worry that the area's remoteness and rough conditions will hamper cleanup efforts should a spill occur. \n\"These climbers hanging on the bridge really are at this point the last thing standing between Shell's plan to drill in the Arctic and the Arctic,\" Leonard said. \nShell spokesman Curtis Smith said in an email the Fennica will return to Alaska once final preparations are complete. \n\"As for the activities of the day, we respect the choice that anyone might make to protest based on Shell's Arctic aspirations; we just ask that they do so safely and within the boundaries of the law,\" Smith wrote. \nEnvironmental groups had wanted the Obama administration to reject permits sought by Shell to drill in the Chukchi Sea because of the absence of the icebreaker. \nThe government, however, gave Shell approval to begin limited exploratory oil drilling, with conditions. Shell can only drill the top sections of wells because the company doesn't have critical emergency response equipment on site to cap a well in case of a leak. That equipment is aboard the Fennica. \nActivists hope any delay will give the Obama administration time to reconsider granting the final permit. They also want to use up days in the short window for summer drilling. \n\"Shell's under enormous pressure to get this thing back up there,\" Leonard said. \nSupporters of arctic drilling say it can be conducted safely with existing technologies and that future production will help sustain the country's energy needs and limit reliance on imports. \nThe U.S. Geological Survey estimates the Arctic offshore reserves in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas at 26 billion barrels of recoverable oil. \nSgt. Pete Simpson, a Portland Police Bureau spokesman, said officers were monitoring the protest and no arrests had been made. The bridge remained open to vehicles, but pedestrians were told to stay off. \n___ \nFollow Steven DuBois at twitter.com/pdxdub @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Headlines\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was 26.089616775512695 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was ",
 "expected": "25.751455307006836",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "SHLX",
 "company": "Shell Midstream Partners, L.P."
}