{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center Opens in San Francisco' was published on 2015-09-24. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNasdaq Entrepreneurial Center Opens in San Francisco ET | Source: The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. Entrepreneurial Hub Delivers Educational and Mentorship Programs Houses State-of-the-Art Training and Innovation Spaces \nSAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 24, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center today opened the doors to its 13,000 square-foot, ultra-modern facility in San Francisco's South Financial District located at 505 Howard Street. Established by the Nasdaq Educational Foundation as a non-profit organization, the Center will serve as a central hub for entrepreneurs from all industries to learn to build and run successful businesses, and connect with an established global ecosystem of industry experts, mentors and resources. \n\"The Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center is a landing spot for founders, where they can learn from each other as they move their start-ups through the different challenges and growth stages of the entrepreneurial journey,\" said Nicola Corzine, Executive Director, Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center. \"Our mission is to educate and to deliver programs that are top of mind for founders to help ensure a strong pipeline of entrepreneurial talent and innovation in the Bay Area and beyond.\" \nThe Center is focused on fostering a thriving start-up community representing all industries. It offers entrepreneurs free educational and training resources, hands-on mentorship programs and entrepreneurial events and programs developed in partnership with Nasdaq and with some of the world's leading academic institutions, companies and business leaders. In addition, the Center will also conduct original and actionable research on entrepreneurship. Entrepreneurs interested in programming and events at the Center can complete an application on the Center's website. \nTo celebrate the launch, members of the greater Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center community, including its sponsors, board of advisors and partners, will be joined by Gavin Newsom, California Lieutenant Governor, and the 2015 NBA Champion Golden State Warriors, including Center Festus Ezeli, who will be the first to ring the Nasdaq Closing Bell remotely from the grounds of the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center. The Warriors currently participate in the Future Leaders program, an alliance with PwC and the San Francisco Beacon Initiative, which is committed to helping develop critical financial skills in communities throughout the Bay Area to provide educators with the resources and training to teach those skills to students. Participants from the Future Leaders program will also be in attendance. \nAdditional programming to highlight the launch will include leadership panels hosted in partnership with CNBC's Disruptor 50 series and moderated by CNBC reporter Julia Boorstin, which will feature the following speakers: Dara Khosrowshahi, President and CEO, Expedia, Inc . (Nasdaq: EXPE ) Amy Bohutinsky, COO, Zillow Group (Nasdaq:Z and ZG) Mike Cagney, CEO, Chairman and Co-founder, SoFi Jeff Lawson, Co-founder and CEO, Twilio Dalton Caldwell, Partner, Y Combinator Peter Pham, Co-founder and Partner, Science Inc. Matthew Glickman, Entrepreneur and Management Lecturer, Stanford Graduate School of Business \n\"Today's launch, which coincides with Nasdaq's 25th anniversary in the Bay Area, opens the doors to opportunities for entrepreneurs to connect with Nasdaq's network of innovative listed companies and their leaders,\" said Bruce Aust, Vice Chairman, Nasdaq, and President, Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center. \"Nasdaq has a strong heritage in the Bay Area, and many partners -- universities, companies, service providers and venture capital firms \u2013 are participating in the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center's efforts to educate entrepreneurs and to maintain the dynamic environment that has given rise to some of the world's most disruptive and innovative companies.\" \nThe Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center is open to the public and includes the following features: Facilities to educate the public about entrepreneurship, its benefits and best practices An environment for people to connect, engage and convene in entrepreneurial thinking A space for entrepreneurial training and workshops A store site where entrepreneurs can test products and ideas A professionally managed event space for hosting entrepreneurial events and programs A state-of-the-art broadcast studio for training, media productions and media broadcasts pertaining to entrepreneurs and their ideas An innovation hub and caf\u00e9 for meetings and collaborations of entrepreneurs An evolving museum designed for the public on the living path of entrepreneurship and the history of innovation \nThe following organizations have signed on as inaugural sponsors of the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center: Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, KPMG, University of Melbourne, Thomson Reuters, GE Ventures and BSSP. In addition, the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center is pleased to be working with various university partners including: UC Berkeley, MIT, Smith College, University of Notre Dame, and Fordham as well as the following industry partners: NVCA, 1776.vc, BuildUp, Carbon Five, Eyebeam and GetStoried. \n\"We congratulate the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center on establishing an important, valuable hub for startups at every stage of development,\" said Steven Bochner, Partner, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati. \"We share the Center's commitment to their success and the continuing growth of entrepreneurship. We are pleased to contribute to the Center's significant work in nurturing the start-up ecosystem.\" \nAbout the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center \nThe Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center is a San Francisco-based non-profit organization designed to educate, innovate and connect aspiring and current entrepreneurs. Established in 2014 with support from the Nasdaq Educational Foundation, the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center serves the greater Bay Area community through differentiated events, meaningful entrepreneurial education and a prominent mentorship program. For further information, please visit: http://thecenter.nasdaq.org/ \nAbout The Nasdaq Educational Foundation \nThe Nasdaq Educational Foundation, Inc. was established in 1994 and is supported entirely by contributions from Nasdaq. The mission of The Nasdaq Educational Foundation, Inc. is to promote and provide opportunities through collaborations and initiatives that support and deliver innovative educational programs and charitable activities. \nAbout Nasdaq \nNasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ ) is a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services across six continents. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 70 marketplaces in 50 countries, and 1 in 10 of the world's securities transactions. Nasdaq is home to more than 3,600 listed companies with a market value of approximately $9.6 trillion and more than 10,000 corporate clients. To learn more, visit: http://nasdaq.com/ambition or http://business.nasdaq.com . \nNDAQG Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center Media Contact: General Inquiries: Nasdaq Media Contacts: Linda Recupero 212-231-5534 Will Briganti 646-964-8169 Related Articles\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. was 46.60059356689453 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "47.94535827636719",
 "date": "2015-09-24",
 "ticker": "NDAQ",
 "company": "The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc."
}