{
 "context": "The following article called 'Europe open: Equities slip as jitters over next week's Fed meeting creep in' was published on 2015-09-11. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n25.3369 +0.0569 \nLONDON (ShareCast) - (ShareCast News) - European equity markets slipped in early trade, unable to hold on to opening gains as a lack of fresh catalysts meant investors shifted their focus to next week's US Federal Reserve meeting. At 0850 BST, the benchmark Stoxx Europe 600 index was down 0.4%, France's CAC was 0.2% lower and Germany's DAX was down 0.4%. \n\"Looks set to be a quiet day on the market as investors play the waiting game,\" said Mike McCudden, head of derivatives at stockbrokers Interactive Investor . \n\"Data from China over the weekend should give some direction but investors are firmly focused on the US rate decision next week. The 'will they, wont they' debate should usher in some more volatile sessions next week, but the likelihood of a rate hike, given the current state of the global economy, is very low.\" Investors are likely to be increasingly jittery ahead of the Fed meeting next week, as it could be the first time in nearly a decade that the central bank hikes interest rates. \nSociete Generale (Swiss: 519928.SW - news ) 's chief strategist Albert Edwards said, \"The clamour for the Fed not to enact the long-awaited 25 basis points rate hike next week is growing by the day. Misgivings come not just from reputable mainstream commentators, but now also the World Bank has repeated the IMF's recent words of caution in advising delay. \n\"What a load of nonsense! My esteemed colleague Kit Juckes characterises the current consensus thinking as 'If the Fed hikes, pestilence, plague and never-ending deflation will follow'. Well even those like me who see a deflationary bust awaiting think the Fed should hike next week - because the longer you leave it, the bigger the financial market excesses become, and the bigger the risk of financial dislocation and global recession ensuing. Have we learned nothing from the 2008 Great Recession? Just get on with it!\" Corporate news flow was scarce. Shares (Berlin: DI6.BE - news ) in Swiss pharmaceutical company Actelion (Xetra: 936767 - news ) slid into the red after it announced late on Thursday that it's in preliminary talks with US biotech firm ZS Pharma (NasdaqGM: ZSPH - news ) about an acquisition. \nB&Q owner Kingfisher (LSE: KGF.L - news ) rose after UBS (NYSEArca: FBGX - news ) upgraded the stock to 'buy' from 'neutral' and lifted its price target to 400p from 360p. \nElsewhere, the oil and gas sector was in the spotlight after Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS-PB - news ) cut its 2016 Brent oil price forecast to $49.5 a barrel from $62, noting that OPEC production has surprised sharply on the upside and Iran has the potential to ramp up in 2016. \nHowever, the bank said it expects oil prices to bottom in the coming six to nine months, with two key drivers. The first is that US production falls sufficiently to start rebalancing the market. The second is that the market sees US production growth is again going to be needed to rebalance the market from 2017. \nIn terms of individual stocks, BP and Total (Swiss: FP.SW - news ) edged higher after Goldman upgraded their ratings. \nStill to come on the data front, US PPI is at 1330 BST, while University of Michigan consumer confidence is at 1500 BST.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 139.2663116455078 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "139.88082885742188",
 "date": "2015-09-11",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}