{
 "context": "The following article called 'MoneyGram to Expand Service in Brazil with Cotacao DTVM' was published on 2015-09-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMoneyGram to Expand Service in Brazil with Cotacao DTVM By Zacks Equity Research 49 minutes ago \ue071 Content preferences Done Money transfer company MoneyGram International Inc. MGI, has tied up with Cotacao DTVM, in an effort to expand its presence in Brazil.Cotacao DTVM is one of the largest distributors of currency exchange in Brazil. The agreement will enable customers in Brazil to transfer money from more than 50 Cotacao DTVM exchange houses in the country.The Cotacao alliance will help DTVM to growth in this important market, and will help MoneyGram to meet growing consumer demand for money transfers in Brazil.Last year, the company had announced a tie-up with S\u00e3o Paulo, Brazil-based Confidence C\u00e2mbio, which is well known and has presence in many of the largest cities in that country. It is part of Confidence Group which also owns the first foreign exchange bank in Brazil.Led by growing remittance from Brazil, MoneyGram has also recently inaugurated an office in Brazil. The office will provide increased presence and support to agents, consumers and business partners.According to the World Bank, Brazil has the largest economy in Latin America. Outbound remittances from Brazil have increased to about $1 billion with funds flowing primarily to Portugal, Spain and Japan. Nearly $2.5 billion flowed into Brazil last year and most of that was from the United States.Currently, MoneyGram carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Some other stocks worth considering in the same sector are Euronet Worldwide, Inc. EEFT, StoneCastle Financial Corp. BANX and Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. HAWK. While Euronet Worldwide carries a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), the other two stocks carry the same Zacks Rank as MoneyGram. \nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was 8.8100004196167 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "8.90999984741211",
 "date": "2015-09-18",
 "ticker": "MGI",
 "company": "Moneygram International, Inc."
}