{
 "context": "The following article called 'South Africa: Desperation, Inc - Eastern Cape Pensioners Looking for Justice Outside Parliament' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSouth Africa: Ancient Riel Dance Blows Minds analysis Two hundred Eastern Cape pensioners, some of whom are in their 90s, are sleeping on the pavement outside Parliament, waiting for someone from government to take note of their plight. Former employees of Transnet's previous incarnation in the Ciskei, they claim they have been robbed of their pensions. They've made the trip before, and they'll probably come again. There's little hope they will ever receive the financial redress they believe they're due - but they maintain they're not leaving until someone listens to them. By REBECCA DAVIS . \"The apartheid government killed our people, but the ANC (African National Congress) government chooses to bury us alive.\" Clement Bacela, 64, doesn't look bitter when he says these words. He appears entirely matter-of-fact. His voice doesn't rise. Bacela, a white-bearded man from Newlands, outside East London, is standing outside Parliament with around 200 of his contemporaries. They made the journey across provinces by bus on Wednesday, arriving shortly after 3pm. Their belongings are stored in tattered backpacks, suitcases or plastic bags, arranged around their feet. It's been a chilly week in Cape Town, with the mercury struggling to make it out of the teens on some days. After a night spent sleeping on... South Africa \nThis week, students brought the University of the Witwatersrand to a standstill in protest against a 10,5% fee increase \u2026 see more \u00bb \nRead the full story on the Daily Maverick website. Copyright \u00a9 2015 Daily Maverick. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,700 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ameris Bancorp was 26.5133056640625 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ameris Bancorp was ",
 "expected": "26.55046844482422",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "ABCB",
 "company": "Ameris Bancorp"
}