{
 "context": "The following article called 'GM, Kettering converting famous factory to car museum' was published on 2015-08-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFacebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest GM, Kettering converting famous factory to car museum DETROIT -- General Motors and Kettering University will convert a historic car factory in Flint, Mich., into an archive and research center that will house a collection of classic cars. The automaker says that Post to Facebook GM, Kettering converting famous factory to car museum DETROIT -- General Motors and Kettering University will convert a historic car factory in Flint, Mich., into an archive and research center that will house a collection of classic cars. The automaker says that Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1NBlWZw Cancel Send A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs GM, Kettering converting famous factory to car museum Greg Gardner, Detroit Free Press 3:20 p.m. EDT August 17, 2015 General Motors announced plans for an automotive archive and research center in the historic Durant-Dort Factory One near downtown Flint. (Photo: General Motors) CONNECT 9 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT EMAIL MORE \nDETROIT -- General Motors and Kettering University will convert a historic car factory in Flint, Mich., into an archive and research center that will house a collection of classic cars. \nThe automaker says that it would invest millions of dollar in the old carriage-producing \"Factory One\" building that it purchased in 2013. The company has already spent about $3 million on fixes to the 25,000-square-foot building. \nThe building was leased in 1886 by Flint Road Cart Company founders William Crapo Durant and Josiah Dallas Dort. Durant later founded General Motors. \nRenovation plans call for an archive and research center on the building's first floor, with an automotive collection from Kettering University. The second floor would be made into a meeting area for the automaker, as well as for the community and educational groups. \nGM says work is expected to start in early 2016, and finish in 2017. It will house the car collection now at Kettering, an independent university once connected to GM. \n\"The beautiful restoration of Factory One as a centerpiece of Carriage Town and downtown Flint provides us with an amazing opportunity to partner with GM and to provide these iconic historical treasures with the vibrant, innovative display they so richly Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1NBlWZw TOP VIDEOS\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was 25.668787002563477 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was ",
 "expected": "25.84811782836914",
 "date": "2015-08-17",
 "ticker": "GM",
 "company": "General Motors Company"
}