{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nigeria: Okonjo-Iweala Must Apologise to Nigerians Over Illegal Withdrawal of U.S.$2 Billion From ECA - Falana' was published on 2015-07-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNigeria: Uba Raises N11.5 Billion From Rights Issue \nThe Lagos lawyer, who made this demand in a press statement he issued in Lagos yesterday, also said that the former minister should stop denying her \"principal role in the gross mismanagement of the neo-colonial economy of the country and take responsibility for her actions instead of resorting to shifting blame\". \nHe noted that the Edo State governor, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, recently alleged that Mrs Okonjo-Iweala unilaterally approved the withdrawal of the sum of $2billion from the Excess Crude Account (ECA) \"without authorisation, and that in her reaction, the former minister had claimed that it was \"false, malicious and totally without foundation\", asserting that the withdrawal of the fund was \"approved\" by the Federation Accounts Allocation Committee (FAAC). \nFalana, however, stated that following the categorical denial of her claim by the FAAC, Mrs Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, recanted and shifted the blame on former President Goodluck Jonathan for the controversial withdrawal of $2billion from the excess crude revenue account (ECA) in December 2014. \n\"In denying the mismanagement of the economy, the former coordinating minister of the economy stated that the payments made were used for paying for petroleum subsidies for the Nigerian people and were approved by Mr. President.\" \n\"Assuming without conceding that the release of the whopping sum of $2billion was approved by the President, is Mrs Okonjo-Iweala saying that funds belonging to the three tiers of government could be unilaterally withdrawn from the ECA by the federal government? Nigeria \nThere's a confined field trial taking place in rural Nigeria. The crop being tested is genetically modified (GM) \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Leadership. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Astrazeneca PLC was 26.29250144958496 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Astrazeneca PLC was ",
 "expected": "26.84248924255371",
 "date": "2015-07-13",
 "ticker": "AZN",
 "company": "Astrazeneca PLC"
}