{
 "context": "The following article called 'MTN Empowers Ghanaians With Education On Financial Inclusion' was published on 2015-08-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  18 August 2015 10:10 CET MTN Empowers Ghanaians With Education On Financial Inclusion By Sammy Heywood Okine \nMTN, the leading telecommunication service provider in Ghana, has held its 2015 Mobile Money stakeholder forum at Alisa Hotel in Accra. \nThe forum is held annually as part of the MTN Mobile Money Month celebration to deliberate on issues relating to e-financial services in the country. \nThe topic for this year\u2019s forum was Maximising the Potential of Mobile Money to drive Financial Inclusion in Ghana. Participants included representatives from Ghana\u2019s financial sector, the regulator Bank of Ghana and other stakeholders. \nSpeaking at the forum, the Chief Executive Officer of MTN Ghana, Mr. Ebenezer Twum Asante said, \u201cthe success of MTN Mobile Money Service in Ghana is the result of a concerted effort by all stakeholders in the services and financial industry.\u201d According to him, \u201cPolicy change and regulatory support for Mobile Money Service providers encourage active participation and innovation within the sector.\u201d He commended the partner banks, technology partners, online retailers and partner schools for their collaboration in making MTN Mobile Money Service a success story in Ghana. \nAddressing the audience, Mrs. Elly Ohene-Adu, Head of Banking at Bank of Ghana said that the mobile phone has proven itself to be the game-changer in overcoming the limitations of bricks and mortar. \nShe called for the introduction of funds transfer options that work across networks to ensure interconnectedness. Mrs. Adu also that there is the need for the adoption of a code of conduct to guide the operations of e-issuers in Ghana. She commended MTN for the great work done in reaching the underserved with financial services. \nMr Louis Amenyo Adanuty, CEO of TEKSOL Ghana, endorsed the claim that Mobile Money was one of the best services to bring the unbanked into the banking system. \nMr Yoofi Grant, Director of Databank Financial Services Ltd., reiterated the view that Mobile Money facilitated business at less cost, whilst Mr Myles Christian Hagan, Head of E-Channels, Universal Merchant Bank, said the provision of financial services through a Mobile Money medium had facilitated a significant growth in financial inclusion in Ghana. \nThe speakers commended Bank of Ghana for issuing the new guidelines to regulate mobile financial services in the country. \nThe MTN Mobile Money Stakeholder Forum was organized as part of the Mobile Money Month celebration. The celebration is held annually by MTN to create awareness about electronic cash services and highlight the importance and convenience they bring to customers.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was 97.58562469482422 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "96.94291687011719",
 "date": "2015-08-18",
 "ticker": "MTN",
 "company": "Vail Resorts, Inc."
}