{
 "context": "The following article called 'Department of Energy, National Grid, and Siemens Complete Major Energy-Efficiency Upgrade at Brookhaven Lab' was published on 2015-09-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nRelated Content \nUPTON, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- \nRepresentatives from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), Brookhaven National Laboratory, National Grid, and Siemens today celebrated the completion of significant infrastructure upgrades at Brookhaven Lab designed to substantially reduce the Lab's energy costs and greenhouse gas emissions. The work was performed under a Utility Energy Service Contract (UESC) with National Grid and Siemens, under which National Grid facilitated third-party financing in the amount of $14.85 million to implement lighting and other energy-efficiency upgrades at the Laboratory. The Laboratory will repay the loan using the savings generated by the upgrades, which are expected to total more than $1.3 million each year. \n\u201cThrough this contract, we\u2019re reducing emissions, saving money, and fostering public/private partnership\u201d said DOE-Brookhaven Site Office Manager Frank Crescenzo. \u201cThe UESC at Brookhaven National Lab is a formula for success.\u201d \nUESCs are one of DOE's contract vehicles for implementing energy conservation and cost-savings projects at government facilities. Under a UESC, the local utility\u2014in this case National Grid\u2014facilitates the design, finance, and construction of the project. The contract term is 10 years. Brookhaven\u2019s is the first DOE UESC in more than 15 years, and is a departure from traditional contracts typically used at other DOE labs with private contractors for energy-saving projects. The project is expected to serve as a model for other laboratories throughout the DOE complex. \n\u201cThis contract will reduce the Laboratory's energy costs and help us meet DOE and federal energy and greenhouse gas reduction goals\u2014consistent with New York State's green energy agenda,\" said Brookhaven Lab Director Doon Gibbs. \u201cIt also enables us to leverage our operating funds to invest in infrastructure improvements that support our science mission.\" \nUnder the UESC, the Laboratory worked with Siemens to upgrade lighting systems in 18 buildings, replaced and enhance energy management controls in nine buildings, and installed a new high efficiency 1,250-ton water chiller and related components at the Laboratory's Central Chilled Water Facility, which provides cooling water for lab processes and buildings. The lighting upgrades included installing new fixtures and retrofitting existing fixtures, replacing existing lamps and ballasts with more efficient ones, and installing occupancy sensors and timers. \nThe improvements are expected to reduce the Laboratory's annual energy intensity by approximately 11 percent compared to baseline measurements, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by over 7,000 metric tons. The savings from the UESC combined with other sustainability efforts will help the Laboratory meet its 30-percent energy intensity reduction goal for 2015, as well as a 28-percent greenhouse gas reduction goal for 2020. \n\u201cNational Grid is excited to partner in this innovative project with Brookhaven Lab. This new approach will require a new regulatory model that broadens the mandate of utilities to be more accountable for policy outcomes, such as promoting cleaner energy, advancing innovative technologies, and driving economic growth,\" said Mike Ruiz, Director of Community and Customer Management, National Grid. \nWork on the project began in December 2013. Under a UESC, projects are managed through an Energy Service Company (ESCo) that is under contract to the utility. Siemens served as the ESCo for this project, and completed it in May 2015 on time and within budget. \n\"We are honored to be part of this Brookhaven National Laboratory energy efficiency project,\u201d said Dave Hopping, president of Siemens\u2019 North American-based Building Technologies Division. \u201cThis UESC is a solid example of how close collaboration among all stakeholders leads to success, and is a model that organizations across the country can leverage to help meet energy efficiency goals.\u201d \nBrookhaven just made the first loan payment of $1.7 million, and will make additional savings-generated payments annually for the next 10 years. In addition to direct cost savings, the energy-efficiency improvements will make the Lab eligible for rebates and other financial incentives, amplifying the savings for the Lab over time. \nOne of ten national laboratories overseen and primarily funded by the Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), Brookhaven National Laboratory conducts research in the physical, biomedical, and environmental sciences, as well as in energy technologies and national security. Brookhaven Lab also builds and operates major scientific facilities available to university, industry and government researchers. Brookhaven is operated and managed for DOE's Office of Science by Brookhaven Science Associates, a limited-liability company founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, the largest academic user of Laboratory facilities, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied science and technology organization. \nThe Siemens Building Technologies Division (Buffalo Grove, Ill.) is the North American market leader for safe and secure, energy-efficient and environment-friendly buildings and infrastructures. As a technology partner, service provider, system integrator and product vendor, Building Technologies has offerings for fire protection, life safety and security as well as building automation, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), and energy management. To learn more about the Siemens Building Technologies Division, visit www.usa.siemens.com/buildingtechnologies . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150922006494/en/ Contact:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of National Grid Transco, PLC was 48.321022033691406 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of National Grid Transco, PLC was ",
 "expected": "49.02482604980469",
 "date": "2015-09-23",
 "ticker": "NGG",
 "company": "National Grid Transco, PLC"
}