{
 "context": "The following article called 'Zimbabwe: Zim Pins Hopes On Arrears Plan' was published on 2015-10-24. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nZimbabwe: Govt Should Lead By Bernard Mpofu/Elias Mambo ZIMBABWE'S desperate quest to break free of an unsustainable debt trap was mapped out at the October 8 creditors meeting in Lima, Peru, when the country presented a debt clearance plan to avert an economic implosion. The country has a debt overhang of US$10,8 billion accrued from both public and private sector. The public debt amounts to US$5,6 billion, split between multilateral financial institutions (US$2,2 billion), the Paris Club (US$2,7 billion) and US$700 million to the non-Paris Club. The road to Lima, which started nearly six months ago, was kept under wraps as government bureaucrats worked behind the scenes trying to seek full re-engagement with bilateral and multilateral creditors. This week the Zimbabwe Independent looks at how the country intends to navigate out of the crossroads. As a first step to tackling the huge debt, government constituted an external debt clearance committee comprised of representatives from the ministry of Finance and Economic Development, the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe (RBZ), the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). The committee, chaired by central bank chief John Mangudya, was tasked with resolving Zimbabwe's external debt arrears in order to improve the country's standing with its creditors and unlock new development concessionary finance in the economy. The journey to Lima saw RBZ boss Mangudya becoming the country's top diplomat, visiting European capitals to seek support from his counterparts ahead of make-or-break meeting in South America. The country's external debt strategy implies clearing external debt arrears to International Financial Institutions (IFIs) to the tune of US$1,8 billion. Under this repayment plan, the three IFIs -- World Bank, IMF and AfDB -- would be repaid simultaneously because they are considered creditors which should be treated equally. Before this meeting Zimbabwe had received thumbs up upon completion of the IMF Staff Monitored Programme (SMP). The SMP, an informal arrangement between Harare and the Bretton Woods institution, was first agreed to in 2013 when government agreed to austerity measures and other governance reforms. After raising the toast following a successful campaign, Mangudya said the resolution of the country's arrears would improve the country's risk and ultimately lower interest rates on the domestic economy. \"Government's bold vision of resolving the external arrears is to improve the country risk premium and at the same time unlocking new long-term financial resources that desperately are required to enhance productivity,\" he said. \"The economy requires resources for enhancing capital formation... clearing of arrears is good for Zimbabwe and good for creditors and would-be creditors. It is a financial friendship strategy. It improves Zimbabwe's negotiating power. Zimbabwe is on the move.\" Notwithstanding sharp differences over the debt strategy within government, Finance minister and Mangudya committed to a raft of reforms as preconditions to resolving the external debt arrears. Zimbabwe is operating with limited fiscal space as government spending continues to crowd out capital projects. Zimbabwe \nWhat is it that makes Robert Mugabe rattle his enemies so unfailingly? Even when he does nothing at all? see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Zimbabwe Independent. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Financial Institutions, Inc. was 20.963502883911133 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Financial Institutions, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "20.480661392211914",
 "date": "2015-10-24",
 "ticker": "FISI",
 "company": "Financial Institutions, Inc."
}