{
 "context": "The following article called 'Angola: Angola Can Capture Private Investments of About 10 Billion Dollars' was published on 2015-10-19. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nAngola Can Capture Private Investments of About 10 Billion Dollars Tagged: Zimbabwe: Grace Mugabe Now De Facto President of Zimbabwe Luanda \u2014 Angola will capture in the next two years a foreign private investment of about 10 billion dollars, according to the message of the Angolan head of State, Jos\u00e9 Eduardo dos Santos, addressed to the nation. The message was read by the Vice-president of the Republic, Manuel Vicente, for \"momentary unavailability\" of the Head of State, at the ceremony that marked the opening of the IV Legislative Session of the 3rd Legislature of the National Assembly. According to the message, \"the steps taken so far lead to the strengthening of the dynamism and efficiency of the services and a forecast of increased leveraging foreign private investment of about 10 billion dollars over the next two years\". He said that it was already approved a new Private Investment Law and restructured the area of government that runs the private investment policy, according to the letter to the Head of State, Jos\u00e9 Eduardo dos Santos, to the nation, presented on Thursday to the National Assembly The official notes that this amount, added to which is possible to obtain from the Angolan investors, will accelerate the diversification of the economy in the non-oil sector, as well as economic growth and employment figures that may exceed 300.000 jobs. He points out as an important factor that can contribute to achieve these intentions is the conclusion in 2016 and 2017 of the structuring projects of energy that are on the one hand, the increasing height of Cambambe dam; the completion of the Combined Cycle of Soyo Power Station and Lauca hydroelectric and on the other, the construction of 81 municipal electricity plants and water abstraction, treatment and distribution centres, as well as the identified roads. According to him, only with smooth and efficient functioning of such infrastructures, it will be possible to make the Angolan economy competitive in regional and international markets. In the message on the State of the Nation, it was also announced the creation of a committee to study the situation of Sonangol and the oil sector and propose the foundations of its restructuring and a model of more effective and efficient management, adding that worldwide the big oil companies are undergoing restructuring for cyclical reasons and otherwise. He said that under the exchange rate policy works have been done in order to stabilize the market and are every effort is being made to balance it and therefore reduce its impacts. So, he added that the Central Bank was instructed to apply creatively the Financial Institutions Law, in order to direct the foreign exchange to the priority needs of our country, such as essential foodstuff, health products and others, in order to ensure not only the stability in the prices of these goods and services, but mostly not allow the population feel the shock effects of the oil prices drop at the international market. Angola \nThe director of the National Coffee Institute (INCA), Jo\u00e3o Ferreira Neto, last Saturday in Luanda defended that \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Angola Press Agency. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,700 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation was 7.304490566253662 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation was ",
 "expected": "7.304490566253662",
 "date": "2015-10-19",
 "ticker": "ACRE",
 "company": "Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation"
}