{
 "context": "The following article called 'Germany vows to work with Facebook to tackle racist posts' was published on 2015-09-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nMon, Sep 14, 2015, 19:16 BST - UK Markets closed Germany vows to work with Facebook to tackle racist posts Reuters - UK Focus \u2013 30 minutes ago 92.45 +0.40 \nBERLIN, Sept 14 (Reuters) - Germany's justice minister vowed on Monday to work with Facebook Inc (NasdaqGS: FB - news ) to thwart racist and hate posts, acting on worries about a rise of xenophobic comments in German on social media linked to Europe's refugee crisis. \nGermany is expecting a record-breaking influx of refugees this year and politicians and celebrities have voiced concern about the rise of anti-foreigner comments in German on Facebook and other social media platforms. \nChancellor Angela Merkel last week urged Facebook to do more and the social media company met Justice Minister Heiko Maas on Monday at his suggestion. \nMaas said after the meeting that his ministry would set up a task force with Facebook and other social networks and internet service providers with the aim of identifying criminal posts more quickly and removing them. \n\"This is a joint task for the whole of society, and I am very grateful to Facebook that they are taking their responsibly in this joint task,\" Maas told a news conference in Berlin. \nFacebook earlier announced a partnership with a group called FSM, which voluntarily monitors multimedia service providers, and said it would encourage its users to push back against racism. \nMaas earlier wrote to Facebook public policy director Richard Allan in Dublin saying he had received complaints from users that their protests about racist posts had been ignored. \nMaas is a leader of the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD). The party faced a flood of racist emails, phone calls and bomb threats last month after its chairman Sigmar Gabriel denounced a \"mob\" involved in anti-refugee violence in the eastern town of Heidenau. (Reporting by Hans-Edzard Busemann; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by David Holmes)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 92.05000305175781 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "92.9000015258789",
 "date": "2015-09-14",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}