{
 "context": "The following article called 'Brain Drain: Big pay, better role at Indian banks attracts executives out of foreign banks' was published on 2015-07-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: Middle level executive exodus from foreign banks and institutions has accelerated with professionals increasingly opting to work with domestic firms, wooed by stock options as well as more elbowroom in decision-making. \"I declined offers from two foreign banks with overseas relocation opportunities, but joined IIFL,\" said Himanshu Bhagat who recently joined India Infoline (IIFL) Wealth Management as a managing partner a few days ago. He was earlier heading Morgan Stanley's wealth management business in India. \"Here, I feel the taste of entrepreneurship with fresh challenges to take the company to the next level of growth,\" said Bhagat who has 17 years of experience in the industry. Several executives such as Bhagat, mostly in the age group of 35-45, are giving up their jobs at swanky foreign banks and financial institutions such as Morgan Stanley , HSBC , DBS, Standard Chartered, Citi, Goldman Sachs , 3i Group Plc and Temasek Group , to join firms such as India Infoline, Centrum and Edelweiss. These domestic financial services companies say they have more than doubled their head count of former foreign bank employees. At India Infoline, for example, about threefourths of more than 50 bankers it hired in the past one year came from foreign institutions. This includes Anil Ahuja , chief investment officer at IIFL Global, who was earlier Asia managing director of 3i Group Plc. During the same time, Edelweiss Group appointed 25-30 people from global financial institutions in the rank of vice-president or above compared with 10-12 a year earlier. During the same time, Edelweiss Group appointed 25-30 people from global financial institutions in the rank of vice-president or above compared with 10-12 a year earlier. Pranav Parikh , who joined Edelweiss from Q India Investment Advisors, now heads its division for private equity, seed and venture funds. Ananth Shenoy , who heads the firm's credit alternatives, earlier worked with Citi. Besides stock options and fast-paced growth of the sector in the country, what drives these executive to domestic firms is the freedom to take strategic decisions without seeking countless approvals. \"We want to promote people as personal brands and completely empower them to contribute in building business by using their skills, experience and relationships,\" said Arpita Vinay, executive director at Centrum (Wealth). The firm is increasing its focus on private banking and advisory services. 22 out of its 30 recent appointments came from top overseas organisations. On an average, the talent pool has got 15-20% hike in compensations. Varun Prakash, director, private wealth at Centrum, who joined from Standard Chartered said, \"The company balance sheet size is growing fast leaving opportunity for my individual growth.\" Centrum's asset under advice, a product aimed at high net worth individuals, has been doubling each year since last four years. It is now at Rs 6,000 crore. Akash Ohri , market director looking after Centrum's offshore business, was earlier with ABN Singapore. During 2014-15, top non-banking finance companies have expanded loans in the range of 35-81%, although from a low base, while banks' loan growth was just about 10%.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Goldman Sachs Group Securities STRATS Trust for Goldman Sachs Group Securities, Series 2006-2 was 15.993497848510742 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Goldman Sachs Group Securities STRATS Trust for Goldman Sachs Group Securities, Series 2006-2 was ",
 "expected": "15.993497848510742",
 "date": "2015-07-06",
 "ticker": "GJS",
 "company": "Goldman Sachs Group Securities STRATS Trust for Goldman Sachs Group Securities, Series 2006-2"
}