{
 "context": "The following article called 'Monthly real estate monitor for September 2015: JLL' was published on 2015-09-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTaxation Q Interest rates are going to go down. And all my fixed deposits will be maturing next year. I will have to renew my fixed deposits next year at lower rate of interest. What is the way out? A Interest rates keep fluctuating due to various micro- and macro- economic factors. There is never an ideal rate of interest. In a high inter... Q If I put Rs 2 lakh in PPF, how much tax rebate I will get? A As per the existing guidelines and rules a person cannot deposit more than 1.5 lacs in one PPF account. However you can deposit money in the... Q I want to invest some money with at least ten years view. I dont want share market risk. Can I invest in NSC? Is there any other investment option? A NSC or National Savings Certificate is a safe investment scheme offered by the Central Government. It is an ideal option for investors with ... Q I want to buy online term life insuance plan. Which is the best one? Should I go for single premium or regular premium policy? A Single premium term insurance policies don?t make much sense. Why pay such a large amount at one go when you have the option of paying in sm... Q Is it a good idea to invest in asset allocation funds? if yes, please suggest some good fund to invest money. I am 35 years old and can invest Rs 10000 per month. A Asset Allocation Funds are for those investors who want to take an exposure into different asset classes but do not wish to create their own... Q My CA says that I have to pay tax on interest accrued on my FD of Rs 20 lakh. I have submitted form 15H in all banks. Is it necessary to pay tax in this case? A In case of interest on fixed deposits which is taxable under the head ?Income from other Sources? a taxpayer has two choices. Either you can... Q I have gifted Rs 5 lakh worth of jewellery to my wife. What will be income tax and wealth tax implications? A As per Section 56(2) of the Income Tax Act, in case one receives gifts from one or more persons during the financial years which in aggregat... Q Please suggest a good investment option of land in South India. I want to buy a land parcel of around 2 acres. A If you take a look at the South Indian real estate market, Bangalore has emerged as a clear winner. Due to the strong presence of IT/ITeS an... Q I want to invest Rs 20000 per month. I have identified Reliance Small Cap Fund and DSPBR Micro cap fund for investment. I can hold to investments for two years. Is it a good idea to invest in these schemes? How much returns I will be getting? A If you are an aggressive investor, you can consider investing in either of the 2 funds.DSPBR Micro Cap My suggestion is that if you are inve... Q I want to save my money for retirment Please suggest a good insurance policy A For retirement it is advisable to use multiple investment instruments and not just life insurance policies. If you have 15 years or so for r... Q IS IT a Good time to invest in GOLD ? A Currently the outlook for gold is bearish/negative. However if you are planning for a long-term investment in gold it is ideal to invest the... Q I have retired from my job in November. I have got Rs 48 lakh from my employers, by way of epf, gratuity and other benefits. Should i invest in senior citizen scheme of LIC? How about pension plans from LIC? A 1. You can invest Post office Senior Citizen Scheme. 2. You also should invest lumpsome in MIP in post office and get monthly interest. 3. K... Q I want to save Rs 1 crore for my retirement when i turn 60. Now I am 42 years old and have fixed deposits worth Rs 18 lakh.What should I do to reach Rs 1 cr mark? A start investing a minimum 5000 per month in mutual fund and increase 10% to 20% every year.... Q I want to save on my utility bills and fuel expenses.Please suggest a good credit card for me. A Yes, you will be able to save on Utility bills and fuel expenses through the cash back schemes offered by some of the credit card companies.... Q I have decided to save 50000 per month. I never had a planned portfolio. Could you tell me what are the products/schemes i should pick. I am 34 and have a son of 6 years. My priorities are education for my son and retirement. A You should go with goal based planning. Before looking at product you should learn about asset classes like Equity, debt,gold and real estat... Q Where should I buy a flat for the investment purpose? I am comfortable with Mumbai and Pune market. The maximum I can invest is Rs 1.5 crore A You have a decent budget and would have numerous options both in Pune and Mumbai. Keep in mind to invest in a one or two bedroom hall kitche... Q Is it a good idea to invest in a commercial space in a mall in Pune? A By ?commercial? space if you mean office space then it is a blunder to buy in a mall anywhere in the country mainly because of the high comm... Q I am 36 years old and work in private company. so how can I manage my retirement planning... A Start with how much you would need monthly today, inflate the numbers and we can work on a corpus and then work on investing monthly towards... Q Suggest couple of equity mutual funds for me. I am keen to invest Rs 25000 per month for next couple of years. I can remain invested for at least five years? A Asset Allocation Funds are for those investors who want to take an exposure into different asset classes but do not wish to create their own... Q I am a senior citizen.I received interest of Rs .1,70,000/- on FD.I have duly filled 15G form.I have NO other source of income.Have I to pay Income tax on this interest or can it be excempted? A Sir, please note if you are less than 80 years but more than 60 years of age, your total income upto Rs 3,00,000 is exempt from tax, you are... Sign in\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Norfolk Southern Corporation was 65.76483154296875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Norfolk Southern Corporation was ",
 "expected": "67.889404296875",
 "date": "2015-09-30",
 "ticker": "NSC",
 "company": "Norfolk Southern Corporation"
}