{
 "context": "The following article called 'Is Equinix's (EQIX) Q2 Earnings Likely to Surprise Estimates? - Analyst Blog' was published on 2015-07-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done Equinix Inc. EQIX is set to report second-quarter 2015 results on Jul 29. Last quarter, the company posted a positive earnings surprise of 57.65%. Further, it is worth noting that Equinix has outperformed the Zacks Consensus Estimate twice while missing the same the other two times over the last four quarters with an average positive earnings surprise of 2.68%. Let us see how things are shaping up for this announcement. Factors at Play Equinix operates across various geographical regions and is increasingly becoming popular among major players in the tech industry for data management. This should drive the company\u2019s revenues in the to-be-reported quarter. Equinix, in late May, signed a deal to acquire Telecity Group Plc, a UK-based company, to bolster its digital marketing capabilities. Telecity Group is a provider of carrier-neutral data centers in Europe and offers secure and connected environments for IT and telecom equipment. Thus, the current deal will bode well for the global interconnection and data center company as we believe that the expansion of data centers will strengthen its portfolio in one of the major global trade hubs and financial centers. Going forward, Equinix revealed its plan to expand its presence in Hong Kong by building the third phase of its second International Business Exchange (IBX) data center (HK2) worth approximately $40 million. Furthermore, we are optimistic about Equinix\u2019s recurring revenue model and current expansion plans. Furthermore, the company has converted itself into a Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT), effective Jan 1 this year, which should maximize shareholders\u2019 value over the long run, in our view. Nevertheless, we remain slightly cautious about the huge capital outlays which may negatively impact Equinix\u2019s second-quarter profitability. Moreover, rising competition from other established Internet data center operators such as AT&T T, Level 3 Communications, COLT and Verizon will affect product pricing, thereby reducing the company\u2019s margins. Additionally, the telecommunications industry is undergoing consolidation. As customers combine businesses, the requirement for co-location space will decline, thereby affecting Equinix\u2019s overall growth prospects. Earnings Whispers Our proven model does not conclusively show that Equinix will beat estimates this quarter. That is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here as you will see below. Zacks ESP: ESP for Equinix is 0.00%. This is because the Most Accurate estimate stands at $1.10 per share, in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Zacks Rank : Equinix\u2019s Zacks Rank #1 when combined with 0.00% ESP makes surprise prediction difficult. We caution against stocks with a Zacks Rank #4 or 5 (Sell-rated stocks) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions. Stocks to Consider Here are some companies which you may consider, as our model shows that they have the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat this quarter: Electronic Arts Inc. EA, with an Earnings ESP of +22.22% and a Zacks Rank #1. Yelp Inc. YELP, with an Earnings ESP of +200.00% and a Zacks Rank #2. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Verizon Communications Inc. was 34.815940856933594 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Verizon Communications Inc. was ",
 "expected": "34.702510833740234",
 "date": "2015-07-27",
 "ticker": "VZ",
 "company": "Verizon Communications Inc."
}