{
 "context": "The following article called 'Bill Gates sues oil giant Petrobras and PwC over corruption scandal' was published on 2015-09-26. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nFri, Sep 25, 2015, 22:53 BST - UK Markets closed Bill Gates sues oil giant Petrobras and PwC over corruption scandal By AFP | Telegraph \u2013 21 minutes ago 0.00 0.00 \nProsecutors in Brazil say Petrobras executives colluded with construction companies to massively overbill the state oil giant \nThe charity foundation of multi-billionaire Microsoft (NasdaqGS: MSFT - news ) founder Bill Gates has sued Petrobras and accounting giant PwC's Brazil arm over investment losses due to corruption at the Brazilian oil giant. \nThe Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Foundation, together with WGI Emerging Markets Fund, alleged in the suit that Petrobras repeatedly misrepresented its operations and financial situation in raising billions of dollars from investors. \nIt (Other OTC: ITGL - news ) also alleges that PwC's Brazil affiliate, PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes, played a key role by attesting to Petrobras financial statements and ignoring red flags. The suit seeks unspecified damages. \n\"The depth and breadth of the fraud within Petrobras is astounding. By Petrobras's own admission, the kickback scheme infected over $80bn of its contracts, representing one-third of its total assets,\" the suit alleged. \n\"Equally breathtaking is that the fraud went on for years under PwC's watch, who repeatedly endorsed the integrity of Petrobras' internal controls and financial reports. This is a case of institutional corruption, criminal conspiracy and a massive fraud on the investing public.\" \nProsecutors in Brazil say Petrobras executives colluded with construction companies to massively overbill the state oil giant. The extra money went to kickbacks and political payoffs company executives, politicians and political parties that include the ruling Workers' Party. \nPortfolio managers for Gates and WGI probed Petrobras executives on questionable financial data, but were misled in a \"series of materially false and misleading written and oral statements and/or omissions by Petrobras and/or PwC,\" according to the complaint. \nThe Gates litigation follows a class-action suit in New York by a group of investors against Petrobras. Petrobras has argued that the scandal was the result of contractors, corrupt politicians and a few employees and should not impugn the company as a whole. \nThe largest company in the world's seventh-largest economy has estimated the scheme cost it more than $2bn. \nThe scandal has tarred the tenure of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, who has faced rising talk of impeachment. \nOn Monday, the former treasurer of Brazil's ruling party was sentenced to 15 years in prison after being convicted of receiving bribes from Petrobras contractors and distributing them to members of the ruling party.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras was 3.217628240585327 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras was ",
 "expected": "3.0677878856658936",
 "date": "2015-09-26",
 "ticker": "PBR",
 "company": "Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras"
}