{
 "context": "The following article called '3 Ways Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Is Moving Forward' was published on 2015-07-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMotley Fool Mobile 3 Ways Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Is Moving Forward The retail giant has shifted its strategy as it looks for new growth avenues. Here are three reasons why the stock could move higher. Jeremy Bowman TMFHobo Jul 29, 2015 at 6:30PM \nSince CEO Doug McMillon took the helm last year, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) has undergone a number of surprising changes. Some, such as the decisions to raise wages and to ask chicken suppliers to forgo antibiotic use, mark a decided shift from the company's historical strategy. \nWith the stock down over 15% year-to-date as guidance has been scaled back, it is fair to question whether Wal-Mart is past its prime. As competition from the likes of Amazon.com and others has increased, here are three ways that the world's largest retailer is revamping itself to grow into the future. \nThe $18 million fortune about to be ripped from your credit card Bad news for your credit card company. The plastic in your wallet may soon be gone forever. And once it is, it could cost major credit card companies as much as $18 million a day! Good news for you. Because when you're finally able to say \"goodbye\" to the cards stuck in your wallet, a little-known tech company responsible for finally putting an end to plastic could hand its investors life-changing profits. A revealing investor alert from The Motley Fool has the full story. Click here to get it now . \nJeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool owns shares of Amazon.com. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Jeremy Bowman Fool Contributor Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Jul 29, 2015 at 6:30PM Consumer Goods\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 62.47216796875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "62.25592803955078",
 "date": "2015-07-30",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}