{
 "context": "The following article called 'Kosmos Energy appoints Joe Mensah as country manager' was published on 2015-07-10. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  10 July 2015 17:00 CET Kosmos Energy appoints Joe Mensah as country manager By GNA \nAccra, July 10, GNA - Kosmos Energy Ghana HC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kosmos Energy Limited, has appointed Mr Joe K. Mensah, as its new country manager. \nMr Mensah, who would be based in Accra, replaces Mr Ken Keag, who served as the country manager since 2013, and would retire from the company at the end of July 2015, as part of a mutually agreed succession plan. \nAn official statement from the company said Mr Mensah had extensive business experience and would join Kosmos from IBM Ghana, where he was the country general manager. \nDuring his more than 30 years with IBM, Mr Mensah held a variety of leadership roles in sales and marketing before establishing IBM's presence in Ghana in 2009. \n'Joe brings extensive local and international experience to Kosmos and he is an excellent addition to our team,' said Andrew G. Inglis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kosmos, according to the statement. \nMr Inglis said: 'Under Joe's leadership, with a 100 per cent Ghanaian staff, supported by an independent advisory council comprised of respected Ghanaian business leaders, Kosmos is uniquely positioned among international companies to understand local interests and create a shared agenda that is mutually beneficial to both company and country. \n'On behalf of everyone at Kosmos Energy, I would like to thank Ken Keag for the significant contribution he has made to our operations in Ghana. We wish Ken and his family all the best for the future'. \nKosmos Energy is a leading independent oil and gas exploration and production company focused on frontier and emerging areas along the Atlantic Margin. \nGNA Other Stories Follow Us I do not have problem with those who take tithe but how they live on it is the problem. By: Kyei-Afrifa Ma Germa\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Kosmos Energy Ltd. was 7.542217254638672 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Kosmos Energy Ltd. was ",
 "expected": "7.494481563568115",
 "date": "2015-07-10",
 "ticker": "KOS",
 "company": "Kosmos Energy Ltd."
}