{
 "context": "The following article called 'Japanese Yen: Up or Down? Next Week Holds the Keys' was published on 2015-07-31. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFor Real-Time retail FX positiong data, see our new FXCMApps indicator It was a week of extremes for the Yen; first, a renewed sell-off in Chinese equity markets sent the safe-haven JPY higher. Yet a significant reversal in China and broader financial markets sparked a swift reversal and ultimately pushed the currency to fresh monthly lows (USDJPY). We look to the coming week\u2019s Bank of Japan monetary policy meeting as well as potentially critical US Nonfarm Payrolls report to drive short-term direction in the USDJPY and other Yen pairs. Governor Kuroda and the Bank of Japan will amost certainly leave monetary policy unchanged at their upcoming meeting, but a key question is whether officials make overt reference to recent Japanese Yen weakness as a risk to the domestic economy. The Yen surged (USDJPY tumbled) last month from \u00a5125 as Kuroda said the domestic currency\u2019s effective exchange rate was already \u201cvery low\u201d with little room to fall further. Yet a more recent report from Reuters quotes \u201csources familiar with [Kuroda\u2019s] thinking\u201d to say that the BoJ governor never intended to put a floor on the Yen and would prefer further weakness. It will be important to watch for any surprises, but ultimately the biggest volatility risk on offer is almost certainly the late-week US Nonfarm Payrolls report. All eyes will focus on the US Bureau of Labor Statistics as they release data on US labor market gains for the month of July. A recent US Federal Reserve interest rate decision emphasized that the Fed stood ready to raise interest rates on continued improvement in labor market conditions. Needless to say, any surprises in NFPs could derail current market expectations for the future of Fed rate hikes. The US Dollar remains relatively strong as interest rate traders predict the Fed will raise rates as early as September, but the official focus on data leaves risks clearly to the downside for the Greenback. This dynamic leaves the Japanese Yen especially exposed as it has historically been one of the most interest rate-sensitive currencies. Watch for outsized USD/JPY reactions to Friday\u2019s NFPs data to guide overall direction through the foreseeable future. \u2013 DR \nDailyFX provides forex news and technical analysis on the trends that influence the global currency markets.Learn forex trading with a free practice account and trading charts from FXCM . @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Headlines\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 159.20315551757812 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "158.77557373046875",
 "date": "2015-07-31",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}