{
 "context": "The following article called 'KKR, Apollo in Race for GE's Inventory Finance Business' was published on 2015-09-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nKKR, Apollo in Race for GE's Inventory Finance Business By Zacks Equity Research 2 hours ago \ue071 Content preferences Done \nWho will purchase General Electric Company\u2019s GE inventory finance unit? According to a Bloomberg report, both KKR & Co. L.P. KKR and Apollo Global Management, LLC APO, seeking to purchase the afore-mentioned operation, had separately bid for it about two weeks ago.Nevertheless, the official spokespersons of all the companies have remained tightlipped on the issue, refusing to comment or divulge any details. Notably, GE is expected to announce the buyer for its inventory finance unit, with $11 billion in assets, by the end of this month.For KKR and Apollo, this offers a unique opportunity to enter the lucrative market of inventory financing. Also, persons familiar with the matter stated that GE is contemplating the sale of its Capital Commercial Distribution Finance (of which inventory finance is a part) as whole.However, one of those businesses, GE\u2019s transportation finance division, was sold to Bank of Montreal BMO last week. Other operations within this business consist of an equipment-leasing arm and a lender to mid-size companies.GE, which is in the process of divesting its financial services business, has announced a number of divestitures with an aim to focus on its industrial operations. In April, the company had disclosed plans to shrink its banking business by $100 billion in 2015.As for the firm\u2019s inventory finance business, we believe the race is open for all and other firms might also line up for the deal. We will only have to wait and watch to know which company finally gets to buy the coveted unit.Currently, KKR, Apollo and GE carry a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of General Electric Company was 170.138671875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of General Electric Company was ",
 "expected": "172.52542114257812",
 "date": "2015-09-14",
 "ticker": "GE",
 "company": "General Electric Company"
}