{
 "context": "The following article called 'Ball Corp Delivers Optical Reference Flight Units - Analyst Blog' was published on 2015-07-07. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp., a unit of Ball Corporation BLL, has delivered optical reference flight units to National Aeronautics and Space Administration\u2019s (NASA) Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) for the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE) Follow-On Mission.GRACE, a joint mission of NASA and the German Aerospace Center, DLR, with its twin satellites launched in 2002, is making detailed measurements of Earth's gravity field. GRACE Follow-On mission, designed to attain greater accuracy in measuring changes in Earth's water resources over land, ice and the ocean, is scheduled for launch as early as 2017.Ball Corporation\u2019s GRACE Follow-On effort is an advancement of the state-of-the-art and proven technology that was developed as part of NASA's Instrument Incubator Program (IIP). The flight units constitute a subsystem that is part of the high-precision Laser Ranging Interferometer, a secondary payload aboard the spacecraft. Ball Corporation\u2019s contribution to the mission will assist the company to gain instrumental expertise and satellite adapting experience.Moreover, Ball Aerospace\u2019s The Tropospheric Emissions: Monitoring of Pollution (TEMPO) instrument will allow the company to make air quality measurements at revolutionary temporal and spatial scales.In the Aerospace and Technologies segment, Ball Corporation has successfully passed the critical design review for the Geostationary Environment Monitoring Spectrometer (GEMS), which will monitor trans-boundary pollution events for the Korean peninsula and Asia-Pacific region, during first-quarter 2015. The segment continues to pursue several large programs that are expected to be awarded in the coming months.Broomfield, CO-based Ball Corporation is the largest manufacturer of beverage cans in North America. It also supplies aerospace as well as other technologies and services primarily to the U.S. government.Ball Corporation carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).Some better-ranked stocks in the same sector include AGCO Corporation AGCO, Albany International Corp. AIN and Mobile Mini, Inc. MINI. All of these companies hold a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ball Corporation was 33.7639274597168 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ball Corporation was ",
 "expected": "32.996246337890625",
 "date": "2015-07-07",
 "ticker": "BLL",
 "company": "Ball Corporation"
}