{
 "context": "The following article called 'Facebook Is Less Profitable This Year Than Last: Here's Why That's a Good Thing' was published on 2015-10-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n26% Source: Facebook's second-quarter report. All dollar figures in millions. \nAs the bold line item signifies, the biggest reason for Facebook's net-income year-on-year drop was the huge ramp in research and development. On a year - on-year basis, Facebook increased its R&D costs 135%, much higher than the aforementioned 40% increase in revenue. The end result is R&D that climbed from 17% of total revenue in 2014's first half to 29% in 2015. That huge increase drove total costs and expenses higher and both income from ops and net income lower. \nA question of effectiveness ... It should be noted that a majority of this large R&D expense isn't cash per se, but actually share-based compensation expenses. Per Facebook's quarterly report, share-based compensation comprised $1.17 billion during the six months in 2015, or 52% of all R&D expenses. Of course, this is still an expense, as it expands shares outstanding. As such, investors should ask if Facebook's R&D spend is apropos. \nAnd in terms of effectiveness, Facebook seems to be succeeding. In this period, the company grew its video views from 1 billion views a day to 4 billion and has significantly cut videos hosted by Alphabet 's YouTube on its site in favor of its native video platform. In addition, new surveys show advertisers actually prefer advertising on Facebook over YouTube, a move that portends future ad-spend to be apportioned to the service going forward. For investors, Facebook's large R&D ramp-up should be welcomed, even if it means a short-term hit to the bottom line. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nJamal Carnette owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Apple, and Facebook. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Jamal Carnette Fool Contributor After working at The Motley Fool, Jamal Carnette decided to try his hand at writing for a change. You can find him writing about technology, consumer goods, sports, and pontificating on any competitive advantage. His previous jobs include Mortgage Trainer, Financial Advisor, and Stockbroker. Jamal graduated from George Mason University with a bachelors of science in finance and is a CFA Level III candidate. Follow me for tech trends, info on consumer brands, and sports banter. Follow @TMFJCar Article Info Oct 13, 2015 at 5:29PM Technology and Telecom\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 94.12000274658203 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "95.95999908447266",
 "date": "2015-10-14",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}