{
 "context": "The following article called 'Oman's alizz Islamic Bank introduces NCR video teller technology' was published on 2015-07-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMeethaq Sharia'a board approves certificates for sukuk and new products The ATM-based interactive video technology can deliver branch-banking services for customers SULTANATE OF OMAN, Muscat - July 13, 2015 - alizz islamic bank - the newest full-fledged Islamic bank in Oman - became, the first bank in the Sultanate to introduce NCR Interactive Teller, from NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR), the global leader in consumer transaction technologies. Built on sleek, modern hardware with an interactive touchscreen, this new software-based technology allows a live teller to take remote control of an ATM to assist customers with up to 95 percent of transactions typically completed by tellers inside a branch. \nThe Interactive Teller is located at the Muscat Grand Mall. The Interactive Teller provides the customer with enough privacy so other visitors in the mall cannot see the screen. In addition, Interactive Teller helps with private conversation by using a handset. \nMr. Salaam Al Shaksy, Chief Executive Officer of alizz islamic bank said, \"We are very proud to be the first bank in the Sultanate to launch Interactive Teller, which will allow us to serve our customers with significantly extended hours without losing the personal contact that we value so much. The Interactive Teller provides an effective state-of-the-art approach to expand a bank's network with branch transactions without the physical set up of an office.\" With the Interactive Teller, alizz islamic bank customers can complete more than 95 percent of typical branch transactions right at the ATM with the assistance of a live, remote teller. The Interactive Teller allows the alizz islamic bank customers to execute all branch banking features such as cash withdrawals above the daily limit, cash deposits, cheque deposit, cheque encashment, credit card payments, and money transfers.\n\"Financial Institutions around the world continue to see this game-changing technology very pertinent to transform the bank branch and a key strategy for their retail banking network,\" said, Habib Hanna, managing director NCR for South Gulf and Pakistan. \"alizz islamic bank customers will appreciate the increased convenience and personal services which are usually performed in branches that can be delivered through Interactive Teller.\" The Interactive Teller offers more services than can be conducted on an ATM or other self-service devices. For instance, customers can perform secure transactions without using a traditional ATM card and, like branch tellers, remote tellers can provide customers access to cash in their accounts in amounts over the standard ATM daily cash withdrawal limits.\n\"At NCR we understand that transforming a bank branch might seem like a massive step and highly expensive. Hence, our innovative branch transformation solutions let banks adopt an incremental approach which increases branch efficiency, improves customer experience and maximizes the profitability of the branch network,\" said Osama Awad, country manager for NCR Oman. \nThe new Interactive Teller deployed by alizz islamic bank in the Muscat Grand Mall, will offer teller services nearly around the clock - from 10am to 10pm seven days a week. \nAbout alizz islamic bank: alizz islamic bank is one of the first dedicated Islamic banks in Oman. With an aim to offer customers an enriching banking experience designed for today's modern world, the Bank has focused its investments on human capital and best of breed of technology to ensure the delivery of exceptional, responsive customer service. Transparent processes and innovative products and solutions that are inspired by Islamic Shari'a cater to the diverse needs of both commercial and corporate customers. \nTo join the conversation:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of NCR Corporation was 29.079999923706055 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of NCR Corporation was ",
 "expected": "29.43000030517578",
 "date": "2015-07-14",
 "ticker": "NCR",
 "company": "NCR Corporation"
}