{
 "context": "The following article called 'Hyperion Financial Application Specialist at Next Step Systems (New York City, NY)' was published on 2015-08-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSource: The Ladders Keywords: New York NY Jobs, Hyperion Financial Application Specialist, Hyperion, Essbase, Crystal Reports, New York Recruiters, IT Jobs, New York Recruiting Will consider providing relocation assistance for exceptional candidates. Summary: The Hyperion Financial Application Specialist will support, develop and administer a suite of financial applications. The Specialist will work directly with Finance and IT to develop and implement technical solutions focusing on financial processes, workflows, reporting and data standardization. Responsibilities: -Manage Hyperion Planning/Essbase applications used to report financial and ticketing data. This will include adding new web forms, metadata, calculation script development and designing and publishing reports. Develop processes to ensure successful data imports into Hyperion. Implement data validation measures along with user notifications. -Take the lead on all Hyperion-related initiatives. Gather requirements from end users, design and recommend solutions autonomously. -Develop Hyperion Financial Reports for management reporting out of Essbase data. Work with various reporting stakeholders to develop and enhance their existing reporting templates and procedures. -Provide system maintenance and support on the Oracle Hyperion application systems. This includes installing application patches, upgrades and ensuring daily backups. -Develop executive dashboards to present financial and ticketing data. These dashboards will be developed with mobility in mind and will also be incorporated into company SharePoint platform. -Develop a system to streamline company billing process ensuring that notifications and payments are sent out on time. Work with other departments, to develop a system to track and manage payments for all new and renewed contracts. -Validate application and data security on all financial systems. Implement auditing and real-time monitoring solutions. Single point of contact for all Hyperion IT related issues. -Maintain user manuals and training materials, as well as provide training and support to the end user community. Qualifications: -Deep understanding of full lifecycle of Hyperion applications. 5-7 years working on Hyperion Essbase/Planning. Hyperion Version 11 experiencepreferred. -Hands on experience implementing, supporting and managing Hyperion Essbase/Planning in large complex environments. -Ability to gather requirements from end users and design/recommend solutions autonomously. Ability to take leadership of all components of Hyperion. -Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills. -Must be able to understand Finance terms and communicate effectively with Finance department. -Must have understanding of change control and testing methodologies. -Must have strong Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word etc.) skills. -Must have deep knowledge of Hyperion Essbase calculation scripts. -Experience with accounting and finance and its impact on financial management, reporting tools and systems. -Hyperion Financial Report (HFR) writing and Crystal Reports. -A consulting background is a plus. -Experience with one of the following: Great Plains/Dynamics, SharePoint or CRM, Microsoft SQL is a plus. 2147483647\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was 41.04320526123047 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was ",
 "expected": "37.46562576293945",
 "date": "2015-08-21",
 "ticker": "MSFT",
 "company": "Microsoft Corporation"
}