{
 "context": "The following article called 'Tanzania: TBL Shares at Dar Bourse Tipped to Rise After InBev Takeover of Sabmiller' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTanzania: Decline in Hotel Bookings as Polling Day Inches Closer SABMiller's 104.2 billion US dollars takeover bid by the world's largest brewer Anheuser- Busch InBev NV, Belgium is seen as positive initiative that could drive up Tanzania Breweries Limited (TBL) shares at the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange (DSE). Anheuser-Busch InBev is a multinational beverage and brewing company headquartered in Leuven, Belgium. It is the world's largest brewer and has 25 percent global market share. It has primary listing on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange and is a constituent of the BEL20 index. It has secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). SABMiller Africa BV which is incorporated in the Netherlands is the majority shareholder at TBL owning 57.54 per cent of the company's issued shares which are 294, 928, 46. The ultimate parent Company is SABMiller plc, incorporated in the United Kingdom. Zan Securities Limited Chief Executive Officer Mr Raphael Masumbuko, said the takeover bid of SABMiller will impact positively on TBL share trading implying more rewards to shareholders. It will enhance investors' confidence on the company. \"There have been inquiries from some investors on the SABMiller takeover deal and how would it benefit them in terms of increased share value,\" he said adding that some few investors expressed worries if the deal would have any benefit. TBL is the oldest brewing company in Tanzania and continues to maintain its position as the largest brewer in the country with 76 per cent market share. It operates in Dar es Salaam, Mwanza, Arusha and Mbeya, as well as a malting plant in Moshi. TBL's most popular clear beer brands include Safari Lager, Kilimanjaro Premium Lager, Ndovu Special Malt, and Castle Lager. Tanzania \nPresident Jakaya Kikwete Thursday gave a strong warning against people who want to stay behind to guard votes in polling \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Tanzania Daily News. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,700 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA Sponsored ADR (Belgium) was 97.96745300292969 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA Sponsored ADR (Belgium) was ",
 "expected": "98.70691680908203",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "BUD",
 "company": "Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA Sponsored ADR (Belgium)"
}