{
 "context": "The following article called 'Why You Shouldn't Bet Against Valero Energy (VLO) Stock' was published on 2015-09-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done \nOne stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Valero Energy Corporation (VLO). This is because this security in the Oil Refining & Marketing space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from a Zacks Industry Rank perspective. \nThis is important because, often times, a rising tide will lift all boats in an industry, as there can be broad trends taking place in a segment that are boosting securities across the board. This is arguably taking place in the Oil Refining & Marketing space as it currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 46 out of more than 250 industries, suggesting it is well-positioned from this perspective, especially when compared to other segments out there. \nMeanwhile, Valero Energy is actually looking pretty good on its own too. The firm has seen solid earnings estimate revision activity over the past month, suggesting analysts are becoming a bit more bullish on the firm\u2019s prospects in both the short and long term. \nIn fact, over the past month, current quarter estimates have risen from $2.25 per share to $2.35 per share, while current year estimates have risen from $8.02 per share to $8.15 per share. The company currently holds a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), which is also a favorable signal. \nSo, if you are looking for a decent pick in a strong industry, consider Valero Energy. Not only is its industry currently in the top third, but it is seeing solid estimate revisions as of late, suggesting it could be a very interesting choice for investors seeking a name in this great industry segment. \nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> \nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Valero Energy Corporation was 45.80315017700195 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Valero Energy Corporation was ",
 "expected": "45.122802734375",
 "date": "2015-09-18",
 "ticker": "VLO",
 "company": "Valero Energy Corporation"
}