{
 "context": "The following article called 'Agility Health Expands Partnership With Boeing' was published on 2015-10-26. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nOctober 26, 2015 06:00 ET Agility Health Expands Partnership With Boeing \nGRAND RAPIDS, MI --(Marketwired - October 26, 2015) - Agility Health, Inc. (\"Agility Health\" or \"the Company\") (TSX VENTURE: AHI ), a leading provider of physical rehabilitation and software services that benefit patients, healthcare providers and employers, announced today that it is expanding its service relationship with Boeing. \nWork-Fit, a subsidiary of Agility Health, is expanding its injury prevention services by more than 50 percent with Boeing at its Everett, Washington site that complements existing services provided by Work-Fit at other Boeing locations across the country. The services Work-Fit provides are a key component of Boeing's innovative Industrial Athlete program. \n\"We are delighted to expand our relationship with a leading organization such as The Boeing Company,\" stated Steve Davidson, CEO of Agility Health. \"On-site athletic training that includes a high focus on injury prevention and education has been proven to benefit both workers and their employers. Our corporate clients are experiencing lower work-related injuries, faster recovery from injuries when they do occur, lower absenteeism and improved overall health of employees, which is good for everyone. The outcomes are very positive for employees, while helping The Boeing Company manage healthcare costs.\" \nAbout Work-Fit \nWork-Fit is a nationwide leader in managing injury prevention, wellness programming, on-site fitness and on-site rehabilitation programs directed towards the reduction of musculoskeletal issues encountered in the work environment. To learn more visit www.Work-Fit.com . \nAbout Agility Health \nThrough its subsidiary and principal operating entity, Agility Health, LLC, Agility Health operates a multi-state network of outpatient rehabilitation clinics and provides contracted services to hospitals, nursing homes and other institutional clients, providing care and treatment for orthopedic-related disorders, sports-related injuries, preventative care, rehabilitation of injured workers, and a variety of other injuries and conditions. In addition, Agility Health provides a number of ancillary services related to physical rehabilitation, including practice management software systems and custom orthotics. As of June 30, 2015, Agility Health operates 84 outpatient or onsite rehabilitation locations in 15 states. Agility Health's contract therapy services business provides rehabilitative services to 35 hospitals and inpatient rehabilitation units, 36 nursing homes, long-term care facilities and other service locations in 8 states. For more information, please visit investors.agilityhealth.com . \nForward-Looking Information \nThis press release contains forward-looking statements regarding Agility Health and its business. Such statements are based on the current expectations and views of future events of Agility Health's management. In some cases the forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as \"may\", \"will\", \"expect\", \"plan\", \"anticipate\", \"intend\", \"potential\", \"estimate\", \"believe\" or the negative of these terms, or other similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this release, including the anticipated future growth of Agility Health, may not occur and could differ materially as a result of known and unknown risk factors and uncertainties affecting the company. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Forward-looking statements and information by their nature are based on assumption and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statement or information. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements or information. Except as required by applicable securities laws, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Agility Health undertakes no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. \nThe TSX Venture Exchange does not accept responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Contact Information \nChairman and Chief Executive Officer(616) 356-5000\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Boeing Company (The) was 130.7570037841797 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Boeing Company (The) was ",
 "expected": "132.32571411132812",
 "date": "2015-10-26",
 "ticker": "BA",
 "company": "Boeing Company (The)"
}