{
 "context": "The following article called 'Iron ore prices to dent Rio Tinto profit' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nThu, Aug 6, 2015, 9:16 AM NZST - New Zealand Markets open in 44 mins. Iron ore prices to dent Rio Tinto profit AAP \u2013 4 minutes 53 seconds ago Recommend View Photo \n\nPlunging iron ore prices are expected to have severely dented mining giant Rio Tinto's earnings last financial year. \nThe company reveals its annual financial performance on Thursday, and analysts expect its underlying earnings to have halved from $US5.1 billion in the 2013/14 year. \nBut the company has been ramping up production of iron ore, and slashing expenditure and costs, which should help to offset to bottom line impact of lower prices. \nInvestors will be keen to hear the company's views on the year ahead, with the price of iron ore recently improving from its historic lows. @YahooNZBusiness on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook AAP \nPlunging iron ore prices are expected to have severely dented mining giant Rio Tinto's earnings last financial \u2026 % Chg Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the \"Enter symbol/company\" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. Follow us \nPersonal finance & investment intel, fresh from the market. On This Site Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Rio Tinto Plc was 24.173696517944336 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Rio Tinto Plc was ",
 "expected": "24.37580680847168",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "RIO",
 "company": "Rio Tinto Plc"
}