{
 "context": "The following article called 'IPG Presents 2015 Inclusion Awards' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nIPG Presents 2015 Inclusion Awards INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC. 24 minutes ago Agencies and Individuals Honored for Efforts In Diversity and Inclusion \nNew York, NY - July 29, 2015 - On Thursday, July 30, Interpublic Group ( IPG ) will host the company`s annual IPG Inclusion Awards program in New York City. The event is sponsored by the IPG Multicultural Employee Resource Groups for Excellence (MERGE), and will honor agencies and individuals from IPG`s U.S. network that have shown leadership in advancing the company`s goal of being one of the world`s most diverse and inclusive companies. \nGrammy-nominated comedian Tig Notaro will serve as the Master of Ceremonies and host. The awards program will include remarks from Michael Roth, IPG`s Chairman and CEO, and Heide Gardner, IPG`s SVP and Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer. Hundreds of Interpublic agency and corporate employees are expected to attend the live event in New York with more viewing the webcast in Austin, Boston, Chicago, El Segundo, Los Angeles, McClean, Philadelphia, Minneapolis, Washington, West Hollywood and Winston-Salem. \n\"Our efforts in this important area are a key differentiator for IPG,\" commented Michael Roth, Chairman and CEO, IPG. \"The IPG Inclusion Awards program is an important event that recognizes the outstanding efforts of IPG employees and agencies in the diversity and inclusion space and how they are making a difference for our employees. The work of the individuals and companies being honored today is what helps move the needle for us as well as our clients and communities in terms of diversity,\" he continued. \nAccording to Heide Gardner, SVP and Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, \"Each year we receive outstanding nominations for the IPG Inclusion Awards and this year is no exception. It is inspirational to see how many of our employees and agencies are walking the walk and making a difference in terms of diversity and inclusion.\" \nInterpublic agencies and employees were invited to submit entries for the nine award categories. Submissions were then judged by MERGE leadership. \nThe 2015 IPG honorees are: Community Partnership - Jack Morton Worldwide Inclusive Talent Cultivation - ID Media Inclusive Marketing Initiative of the Year - R/GA Communication and Education Initiative (Tie) - IPG Mediabrands and Octagon Most Effective Diverse Consumer Insights (New award category) - UM Multicultural Agency/Practice of the Year - Octagon Access Individual Champion of Inclusion (Tie) - Kim Getty, President, Deutsch LA and Stacy Janicki, Director of Account Management, Senior Partner, Carmichael Lynch Agency Champion of Inclusion (Tie) - Carmichael Lynch and ID Media Chief Diversity Officer/Human Resources Leader of the Year (Tie) - Ed Huerta-Margotta, Director of Talent Acquisition, Carmichael Lynch and Danielle Dorter, SVP, Director of Human Resources, ID Media/BPN # # # \nAbout Interpublic Interpublic is one of the world`s leading organizations of advertising agencies and marketing services companies. Major global brands include BPN, Craft, FCB (Foote, Cone & Belding), FutureBrand, Golin, Huge, Initiative, Jack Morton Worldwide, MAGNA GLOBAL, McCann, Momentum, MRM//McCann, Mullen Lowe Group, Octagon, R/GA, UM and Weber Shandwick. Other leading brands include Avrett Free Ginsberg, Campbell Ewald, Carmichael Lynch, Deutsch, Hill Holliday, ID Media and The Martin Agency. For more information, please visit www.interpublic.com . About MERGE MERGE is IPG`s umbrella group for its five Business Resource Groups (BRGs). The BRGs foster cultural awareness, career development, networking, mentoring and business opportunities. MERGE`s five BRGs include the: Asian Heritage Group (AHG), Black Employee Network (BEN), IPGLBT, Hispanic/Latino Heritage Group (SOMOS) and Women`s Leadership Network (WLN). BRGs are inclusive groups open to all IPG and agency team members. For more information, please visit http://merge.interpublic.com . # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) was 16.665536880493164 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) was ",
 "expected": "16.776216506958008",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "IPG",
 "company": "Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The)"
}