{
 "context": "The following article called 'Petrobras begins search for partner in fuel distribution unit' was published on 2015-10-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nWed, Oct 14, 2015, 23:42 BST - UK Markets closed Petrobras begins search for partner in fuel distribution unit Reuters \u2013 23 minutes ago 7.96 -0.17 \nSAO PAULO (Reuters) - State-controlled oil producer Petr\u00f3leo Brasileiro SA has begun a search for a strategic partner for fuel distribution unit BR Distribuidora, which in recent weeks scrapped an initial public offering plan in the light of deteriorating market conditions. \nIn a securities filing on Wednesday, the board of Petrobras, as the oil firm is commonly known, gave the go-ahead to management to proceed with the search for a partner. The process will be discussed at the next board meeting, the filing added, without elaborating. \n(Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Chris Reese) Tax cuts, pensions, childcare, online accounts and beer duty, here's \u2026 Related Stock Articles Follow the quotes you care about most. Access timely news and investment updates to stay on top of the market. \u2026 More \u00bb Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras was 3.966832160949707 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras was ",
 "expected": "4.006263256072998",
 "date": "2015-10-15",
 "ticker": "PBR",
 "company": "Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras"
}