{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nomura Holdings Appoints Johnny Heng as Asian Investment Head' was published on 2015-10-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNomura Holdings Appoints Johnny Heng as Asian Investment Head Nomura Holdings Appoints Johnny Heng as Asian Investment Head Mr. Heng joins Nomura Holding from Coutts, the wealth division of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Group. Advertising Print This Post Photo: Bloomberg \nJapanese Investment bank, Nomura Holdings Inc has appointed Johnny Heng as its newest Chief Investment Officer, whose appointment is tendered with immediate effect, according to a recent Reuters report. \nIn his new role as the Chief Investment Officer of Nomura Holdings, Mr. Heng will be serving the bank\u2019s Wealth Management unit in Asia, excluding Japan \u2013 he will be based out of Singapore. \nMr. Heng joins Nomura Holding from Coutts, the wealth division of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Group, having served as its Managing Director and Head of Investment Services in Asia for over three years. Additionally, he has held a number of senior level roles at other financial institutions, including Credit Suisse, Wah Hin & Company, Cornucopia Capital Partners, and Union Bank of Switzerland, dating back to 1995. \nBack in August, Nomura Asset Management UK Ltd, a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings Inc., named Andreas Koerner as its Head of Marketing and Client Relations for Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA. Mr. Koerner was brought in to focus on the bank\u2019s relationships in the region, whilst being strategically based out of Europe. He replaced Mark Roxburgh, who relinquished his role and retired in September, ending a 15-year stint with Nomura.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Nomura Holdings Inc was 5.328312873840332 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Nomura Holdings Inc was ",
 "expected": "5.435704231262207",
 "date": "2015-10-23",
 "ticker": "NMR",
 "company": "Nomura Holdings Inc"
}