{
 "context": "The following article called 'BHP says iron ore operations disrupted by Tianjin port blasts' was published on 2015-08-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nThu, Aug 13, 2015, 23:54 BST - UK Markets closed BHP says iron ore operations disrupted by Tianjin port blasts Reuters - UK Focus \u2013 18 minutes ago -0.41 \n(Repeats story published late Thursday; no changes to text) \nSYDNEY, Aug 13 (Reuters) - BHP Billiton (NYSE: BBL - news ) 's iron ore operations have been disrupted at the port of Tianjin after two massive explosions ripped through an industrial area in the northeast Chinese port city, the company said on Thursday. \n\"We can confirm there was no damage to the iron ore discharging berths following the explosion at Tianjin port,\" BHP said in a statement emailed to Reuters. \n\"However shipments and port operations have been disrupted as a result and we are working with our customers to minimise any potential impact,\" it said. (Reporting by James Regan) Tax cuts, pensions, childcare, online accounts and beer duty, here's \u2026 Related Stock Articles Follow the quotes you care about most. Access timely news and investment updates to stay on top of the market. \u2026 More \u00bb Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of BHP Billiton Limited was 28.167760848999023 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of BHP Billiton Limited was ",
 "expected": "27.764509201049805",
 "date": "2015-08-14",
 "ticker": "BHP",
 "company": "BHP Billiton Limited"
}