{
 "context": "The following article called 'The Victorian Group: American Entrepreneurship is Thriving with over 27 million Entrepreneurs' was published on 2015-09-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  The Victorian Group: American Entrepreneurship is Thriving with over 27 million Entrepreneurs Direct sales and marketing firm The Victorian Group in Kentucky is thrilled by the news that American entrepreneurship is still thriving. LOUISVILLE, KY, September 25,   The Victorian Group have been encouraged by findings from research by The Global Entrepreneurship Monitor. The findings show that nearly 14 per cent of Americans are now in the process of starting or are currently running their own business; the reports display the highest figures in the 16 years the study has been taking place. The Victorian Group believes the recovering economy and entrepreneurial support are factors for the increase of Americans looking to explore entrepreneurship as an option; for the first time the figure sits at 51 per cent. With existing SME's looking to expand, it is a promising statistic that 24 per cent of US firms will be looking to source 20 new employees externally over the next five years. With the confidence growing through growth of SME's it is reported that 80 per cent of those who plan to start businesses in the next three years are doing something about it, such as leasing space or registering their companies. How many start-ups will emerge from such preparation is, of course, unknown. About The Victorian Group: http://www.thevictoriangrp.com/services/ The Victorian Group is currently revolutionizing the way brands communicate with customers, and as a result past clients have benefitted greatly from increased loyalty and soaring customer acquisition. They use innovative direct marketing campaigns to take a product straight into the hands of a customer. By taking the time to interact with each customer in person, The Victorian Group generate positive customer experiences that they won't forget. The firm are active entrepreneurial supporters. As part of their direct marketing firm , they offer entrepreneurs to establish the essential skills required when starting their own business. The firm prides itself on its supportive company culture and are encouraged by the success of the business development so far and have found that the participants have enjoyed the on-the-job coaching and guidance; as it is delivered in a fun hands-on way as opposed to traditional teaching methods. The participants can expect guidance in sales, marketing, customer service, business management as well as having the opportunity to learn how to recruit, coach and deliver product training, workshops on how to improve public speaking and all the processes involved in a new business start-up including sourcing clients, client management and finance.The Victorian Group are personalized marketing specialists who deliver a high ROI for their clients. For more information Follow @TheVictorianGrp on Twitter and Like them on Facebook . # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Insmed, Inc. was 22.670000076293945 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Insmed, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "18.170000076293945",
 "date": "2015-09-25",
 "ticker": "INSM",
 "company": "Insmed, Inc."
}