{
 "context": "The following article called 'Pfizer wins EU approval for $15 billion Hospira buy' was published on 2015-08-05. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nWed, Aug 5, 2015, 07:28 BST - UK Markets open in 32 mins. Pfizer wins EU approval for $15 billion Hospira buy Reuters \u2013 8 hours ago View Photo \nThe Pfizer logo is seen at their world headquarters in New York April 28, 2014. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. drugmaker Pfizer (PFE.N) gained European Union antitrust approval on Tuesday for its proposed $15 billion acquisition of U.S. rival Hospira (HSP.N) after pledging to sell some drugs to allay competition concerns. \n\"The approval is conditional on Pfizer divesting certain sterile injectable drugs, as well as its infliximab biosimilar drug, which is currently under development,\" the European Commission said. \nThe deal will boost Pfizer's portfolio of generic injectable drugs and copies of biotech medicines. \n(This story removes incorrect reference to deal being biggest for Pfizer) \n(Reporting by Julia Fioretti and Foo Yun Chee) Follow the quotes you care about most. Access timely news and investment updates to stay on top of the market. \u2026 More \u00bb Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was 32.7153205871582 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was ",
 "expected": "32.638389587402344",
 "date": "2015-08-05",
 "ticker": "DB",
 "company": "Deutsche Bank AG"
}