{
 "context": "The following article called 'South Africa: Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries On World Food Day Commemoration' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nZimbabwe: Zanu-PF Plans to Spend U.S.$3 Million On Annual Conference press release The Department of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (DAFF) in partnership with the Eastern Cape Department of Rural Development and Agrarian Reform, the Mbizana Local Municipality and the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO), joined other countries around the world in commemorating World Food Day on 16 October 2015. World Food Day is celebrated annually around the world in honour of the founding date of the FAO of the United Nations. The main objective of World Food Day is to create awareness around issues of global food insecurity. The theme for this year is: Social Protection and Agriculture: Breaking the Cycle of Rural Poverty. The Minister, Hon. Senzeni Zokwana of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries and his counterpart, Ms Bathabile Dlamini of the Department of Social Development, the Deputy Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, General Bheki Cele, MEC of Agriculture in Eastern Cape, Mlibo Qoboshiyane stood in solidarity with the community of Mbongweni in the fight against hunger and malnutrition and poverty. The Minister and his delegation visited the Mbongweni Maize Project, which is run by 29 women and 30 men. They also visited Mbandana Poultry Project which is a family-run business. More importantly, they donated food parcels to less privileged households. Furthermore, Minister Zokwana and General Cele and the provincial leadership as well as the local leadership unveiled a food mountain which symbolises more food in the world to feed people. They also participated in a march symbolic of alliance against hunger. The DAFF, DRDAR with generous help from the State Owned Enterprises such as the Agricultural Research Council, the National Agricultural Marketing Council, Perishable Products Export Control Board amongst others and corporates such as Shoprite, ZZ2, Pioneer Foods, Oceana and Tiger Brand were able to donate food parcels to identified households in Mbongweni. FAO, represented by Dr Tobias Takavarasha, donated an amount to the value of R90 000 to Siyasonke Community Project, the Mapetshana Agricultural Supplies and the Ndunge Soya Cow Project. The Agricultural Research also donated soya beans and ground nuts beans. The department is committed to ensuring national food security and the eradication of hunger. Issued by: Department of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries South Africa \nAlmost 33 000 rounds of ammunition were either lost or stolen at the SA National Defence Force (SANDF) for the period \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 South African Government. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,700 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of China Green Agriculture, Inc. was 21.1200008392334 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of China Green Agriculture, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "21.600000381469727",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "CGA",
 "company": "China Green Agriculture, Inc."
}