{
 "context": "The following article called 'Kenya: Kenya Airways Resumes Bangui Flights' was published on 2015-10-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nKenya Airways Resumes Bangui Flights Tagged: Kenya Airways will next month resume flights to Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. The flights were suspended in March 2013, following a civil unrest in the country. Bangui, which is the largest city in Central African Republic is expected to give the Kenyan national carrier access to more customers. Before the flights were called off, Kenya Airways operated two weekly flights to the city, on Tuesdays and Thursdays. \"Passengers will benefit from our new flights between Bangui and Doula. We will be watching the market closely with a view to adding frequencies in the near future,\" said KQ chief executive Mbuvi Ngunze said on Wednesday. Operations will start with two frequencies per week, directly from Nairobi and from Bangui onwards to Douala in Cameroon. Flights are operated in a Boeing 737-800. REGIONAL MARKET The route enables investors dealing in diamonds, coffee, cotton and timber access to the regional market as well as Europe. Bangui is rich in diamonds and has over four million people who are expected to frequently travel to promising investment hubs including Kenya. KQ applies the 'fifth freedom' between M'Poko International Airport in Bangui and the Douala International Airport in Cameroon. This allows it to carry revenue traffic between the foreign countries connecting flights through Jomo Kenyatta International Airport. 'Fifth freedom' are a set of commercial aviation rights granting a country's airline the privilege to enter and land in another country's airspace. The route is expected to offer easier connectivity for the importers of food and textiles from major suppliers in France, United States of America, Cote d'Ivoire, Germany and Japan. Kenya \nIn this week's media wrap up, a look at how - with a little help from President Uhuru Kenyatta - Kenyan politicians are \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 The Nation. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Boeing Company (The) was 125.84584045410156 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Boeing Company (The) was ",
 "expected": "130.7570037841797",
 "date": "2015-10-22",
 "ticker": "BA",
 "company": "Boeing Company (The)"
}