{
 "context": "The following article called 'VRA To Shut Down 3 Turbines At Akosombo' was published on 2015-07-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  27 July 2015 13:52 CET VRA To Shut Down 3 Turbines At Akosombo By Daily Guide \nThe Volta River Authority (VRA) has announced plans to shut down three turbines at the Akosombo Hydroelectric Dam as a result of the drop in the water level in the dam. \nManager of Electricals at the Akosombo Dam, Ebo Amoah, who disclosed this to the media on Thursday at Akosombo, said the dam is currently running on five out of the six turbines, producing 636 megawatts of electricity. \nAccording to the manager, the Chief Executive of VRA is awaiting authorization from government to shut down the turbines. \nMr Amoah, who announced this in an interview with the media, said the move is to prevent the total destruction of the turbines. \nHe attributed the development to the lack of rainfall in the north part of the country. \nMr Amoah said the turbines should have been shut down a long time ago but top management of VRA and government delayed the exercise. \nThe VRA official, who did not give details, said further delay could destroy the turbines completely. \nThe shut down of the turbines would lower generation capacity, which will worsen the power crisis in the country that has led to the collapse of many businesses. \nThe energy crisis started in 2012 and all the promises by the ruling National Democratic Congress (NDC) government to address the problem have not materialized. \nAdditional 260MW In spite of the looming threat, the Authority announced plans to generate additional 260 megawatts by the end of 2015 to boost generation. \nOut of the planned 260 megawatts, the Kpone Power Project, which is currently at an advanced stage and is being funded solely by VRA at a cost of about $200 million, is expected to produce 220 megawatts by November, this year. \nThe Tema Power Plant Complex project Station 3, which is also under construction, would add 30 megawatts to the national grid by October, 2015, according to the VRA. \nAccording to sources at VRA, the authority does not have money to procure crude to power one of its plants at Tema to boost power generation. \nBY Melvin Tarlue Other Stories Follow Us Men live in a fantasy world. I know this because I am one, and I actually receive my mail there. By: roylexi.com\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vera Bradley, Inc. was 10.75 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vera Bradley, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "10.789999961853027",
 "date": "2015-07-27",
 "ticker": "VRA",
 "company": "Vera Bradley, Inc."
}