{
 "context": "The following article called 'MoneyGram Introduces Quick Deposits to Banco de Occidente Bank Accounts in Honduras' was published on 2015-08-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMoneyGram Introduces Quick Deposits to Banco de Occidente Bank Accounts in Honduras MoneyGram August 27, 2015 9:15 AM \ue071   \nDALLAS, Aug. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- MoneyGram ( MGI ), a global provider of innovative money transfer and payment services, announces the launch of a new account deposit product that allows customers to send money directly to all Banco de Occidente accounts in Honduras. View photo . \n\"Banco de Occidente is one of the largest and most trusted banks in Honduras,\" says Pedro Saro, MoneyGram's vice president Mexico, Latin America, Caribbean. \"Today we are pleased to add account deposit to the list of services we offer and provide with Banco de Occidente, adding another quick and convenient choice for our customers when they need to receive money.\" \n\"Banco de Occidente and MoneyGram have worked together to ensure customers in Honduras receive money between friends and family,\" says Manuel Venancio Bueso, sub general manager of Banco de Occidente. \"The new deposit to account service gives our customers a more convenient choice to access their funds.\" \nOnce the money is sent to an account, the funds are typically available to customers in minutes subject to the bank's operating hours. \nAccording to the World Bank, about $3.3 billion in remittances flowed into Honduras last year, the majority of which was sent from the United States. About MoneyGram International, Inc. \nMoneyGram is a global provider of innovative money transfer and payment services and is recognized worldwide as a financial connection to friends and family. Whether online, or through a mobile device, at a kiosk or in a local store, we connect consumers any way that is convenient for them. We also provide bill payment services, issue money orders and process official checks in select markets. More information about MoneyGram International, Inc. is available at moneygram.com.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was 8.4399995803833 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "8.84000015258789",
 "date": "2015-08-27",
 "ticker": "MGI",
 "company": "Moneygram International, Inc."
}