{
 "context": "The following article called 'Lamudi releases real estate market report' was published on 2015-10-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  23:00 CET Lamudi releases real estate market report By GNA \nAccra, Oct. 22, GNA - Online property portal Lamudi Ghana has released Ghana's first ever comprehensive real estate market report. \nThe market report, which was made available to the Ghana News Agency on Wednesday by Mr Fidel Amoah, the Content Manager, Lamudi Ghana, focuses on the Accra market, touching on key areas in the nation's capital. \nThe data was collected and analysed by Lamudi, spanning January to March. \nThe Q1 2015 market report is published in the second edition of Lamudi Ghana's magazine, Property Now, is available for free online. \nThe report indicates that Accra has a median house purchase price of approximately GH\u00a2 240,000 per bedroom, and a median apartment rental price of more than GH\u00a2 3,000 per bedroom per month. \nIt said areas such as Airport Residential and Trasacco are ranked as some of the most expensive locations to buy a house, with median prices reaching about GH\u00a2 618,000 per bedroom. \nIt noted that meanwhile, areas such as Dansoman and Kwabenya are ranked among the more affordable locations in the capital, going for a median price of roughly GH\u00a2 61,800 each. \nThe report pointed out that Ghana's real estate has been experiencing growth as well as challenges over the years. \n'The discovery of oil in 2007 led to a boom in luxury real estate investment. However, properties catering to the lower middle income segment have not seen much investment,' it stated \n'The country already has a housing deficit of over 1.7 million units, with the gap widening each year. The lack of real estate data is partly responsible for this situation.' \nThe real estate market report is therefore, a welcoming relief for players in the real estate industry. \nIt aims to help real estate developers in their pricing while educating the public on what costs to expect in various locations. \nAkua Nyame-Mensah, the Managing Director, Lamudi Ghana, outlined the importance of the report to the public. \n'Building, selling or buying real estate will likely be one of the biggest decisions Ghanaians ever make. Lamudi's publications equip property-seekers with the information they need to make better investment decisions and, ultimately, to find their ideal home,' she said. \nThe second edition of Property Now magazine includes other educational and entertaining content - expert interviews, development highlights and market trends - is available for free online. \nLaunched in 2013, Lamudi is a global property portal focusing exclusively on emerging markets. \nThe fast-growing platform is currently available in 34 countries in Asia, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America, with more than 800,000 real estate listings across its global network. \nThe leading real estate marketplace offers sellers, buyers, landlords and renters a secure and easy-to-use platform to find or list properties online. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was 127.04302978515625 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was ",
 "expected": "130.61428833007812",
 "date": "2015-10-23",
 "ticker": "CI",
 "company": "Cigna Corporation"
}