{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nxt-ID, Inc. Announces Closing of Public Offering of Common Stock' was published on 2015-10-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nOctober 21, 2015 17:30 ET Nxt-ID, Inc. Announces Closing of Public Offering of Common Stock \nOXFORD, CT--(Marketwired - Oct 21, 2015) - Nxt-ID, Inc. ( NASDAQ : NXTD ) (\"Nxt-ID\" or the \"Company\"), a biometric authentication company focused on the growing mobile commerce market and creator of the Wocket\u00ae smart wallet, today announced the closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering of 1,500,000 shares of its common stock at an offering price of $0.70 per share. No other securities were offered or sold in connection with this offering. Gross proceeds to the Company from this offering are approximately $1,050,000 before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. Aegis Capital Corp. acted as the sole book-running manager for the offering. The securities described above were offered by the Company through a prospectus supplement pursuant to the Company's registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-203637), declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the \"SEC\") on May 14, 2015. Copies of the prospectus supplement relating to the offering, when available, may be obtained from the offices of Aegis Capital Corp., Prospectus Department, 810 Seventh Avenue, 18th Floor, New York, NY, 10019, telephone: 212-813-1010 or email: prospectus@aegiscap.com , or from the above-mentioned SEC website. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About NXT-ID , Inc. - Mobile Security for a Mobile World: (NXTD) NXT-ID, Inc.'s innovative MobileBio\u00ae solution mitigates consumer risks associated with mobile computing, m-commerce and smart OS-enabled devices. The company is focused on the growing m-commerce market, launching its innovative MobileBio\u00ae suite of biometric solutions that secure consumers' mobile platforms led by Wocket\u00ae ; a next generation smart wallet designed to replace all the cards in your wallet, no smart phone required. Wocket was recognized as one of the top technology products at CES 2015 by multiple media outlets including Wired.com. The Wocket works most anywhere credit cards are accepted and only works with your biometric stamp of approval or passcode. http://www.wocketwallet.com/ NXT-ID's wholly owned subsidiary, 3D-ID LLC, is engaged in biometric identification and has 22 licensed patents in the field of 3D facial recognition http://www.nxt-id.com/ , http://3d-id.net/ Forward-Looking Statements for NXT-ID: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations, as of the date of this press release, and involve certain risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include statements herein with respect to the successful execution of the Company's business strategy. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such risks and uncertainties include, among other things, our ability to establish and maintain the proprietary nature of our technology through the patent process, as well as our ability to possibly license from others patents and patent applications necessary to develop products; the availability of financing; the Company's ability to implement its long range business plan for various applications of its technology; the Company's ability to enter into agreements with any necessary marketing and/or distribution partners; the impact of competition, the obtaining and maintenance of any necessary regulatory clearances applicable to applications of the Company's technology; and management of growth and other risks and uncertainties that may be detailed from time to time in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact Information\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was 21.470022201538086 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was ",
 "expected": "21.540721893310547",
 "date": "2015-10-22",
 "ticker": "AA",
 "company": "Alcoa Inc."
}