{
 "context": "The following article called 'Mozambique: Difficult to Reconcile Diplomacy With Poverty - Nyusi' was published on 2015-09-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMozambique: AMG Secures Funding for Ancuabe Graphite Project \nMaputo and New York \u2014 It is difficult to reconcile politics and diplomacy with poverty declared Mozambican President Filipe Nyusi in New York on Thursday night. \nAt a dinner with American business people, offered by the United States Chamber of Commerce, Nyusi added that economic growth is not enough - the key factor is improving the quality of life of all Mozambicans. \n\u201cWe can make politics, we can do diplomacy, we can cooperate as we like, but as long as we are not economically firm, politics and diplomacy are unsustainable\u201d, he said. \nThe ambition of his government, Nyusi insisted, was not just to achieve economic growth, if this is not reflected in human development. \nSpeaking impromptu, he stressed that the Mozambican government is not asking for support from American business people. \u201cWe have come so that we may understand and work together\u201d, he saent for our participation in the growth of Mozambique\u201d.id. \u201cThat's why we have brought Mozambican business people with us\u201d. \nHe regarded his meeting with the US business community as just as important as the United Nations summit he is due to attend on Friday. Nyusi stressed that his first act on American soil was to meet with American businesses. \nHe was not exaggerating. Only a few minutes after his arrival in New York, Nyusi granted an audience to the vice president of the Texas-based oil and gas company Anadarko, James Kleckner. Anadarko is the operator of offshore area one of the Rovuma Basin, off the coast of the northern Mozambican province of Cabo Delgado, where vast reserves of natural gas have been found. \n\u201cWe are politicians, and our job is to create well-being for the population\u201d, said Nyusi. \u201cBut we can only do this with a very strong business sector\u201d. \nNyusi took the opportunity offered by the dinner to display the economic potential of Mozambique, not merely in mineral resources, but also in such areas as tourism, agriculture and the production of energy. \nAs in previous meetings of this nature, Nyusi paid special attention to agricultural development, stressed that \u201cnobody eats gas\u201d. \nThis was an appeal for the diversification of the Mozambican economy, to avoid excessive dependence on natural gas. \nNyusi also stressed the socio-political stability of Mozambique, assuring his audience that all the institutions of the Mozambican state are working normally. \nFor his part, the co-chairperson of the Africa Business Initiative of the US Chamber of Commerce, Don Gips, praised the work undertaken by Nyusi, stressing \u201cthis is an exciting moment for our participation in the growth of Mozambique\u201d. Mozambique \nChina's slowing economy is making the US a more attractive investor. see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. was 164.75741577148438 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "160.53213500976562",
 "date": "2015-09-25",
 "ticker": "AMG",
 "company": "Affiliated Managers Group, Inc."
}