{
 "context": "The following article called 'HSBC computer cock-up leaves people without pay for the bank holiday weekend' was published on 2015-08-28. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nHSBC computer cock-up leaves people without pay for the bank holiday weekend HSBC computer cock-up leaves people without pay for the bank holiday weekend HSBC's payments system has gone down today when millions of people are expecting payday salaries ahead of the bank holiday. PUBLISHED: 12:54, Fri, Aug 28, 2015 | UPDATED: 13:24, Fri, Aug 28, 2015 GETTY HSBC has suffered a glitch ahead of the Bank Holiday \nThe error has stopped payments from accounts of Britain's biggest bank being made under the national Bacs system. It means that millions of customers from any bank may not have received money due to be paid today.HSBC has contacted the Bank of England but the scale of the transactions and number of customers involved is not yet known.The bank said it was working to resolve the glitch as quickly as possible and apologised to those affected. Related articles HSBC to cut thousands of British jobs \u2013 as bank threatens to move... \nIndustry regulator the Financial Conduct Authority said it would ensure the bank took steps to help those left out of pocket.Alan Charlesworth, managing director of insurance and legal recruiter IPS Group, took to Twitter to complain: \"None of my staff have been paid. HSBC when will this be sorted?\"Another Twitter user wrote: \"HSBC. None of my staff have been paid. Cannot get through to them on the phone. Absolute shambles of a bank! Extremely poor performance.\"I trust you are going to reimburse my employees that will incur late payment fees due to your Bacs payments failure.\"HSBC said in a statement: \"We are aware that some customers have not received expected credits today. We apologise for any inconvenience caused and are working hard to resolve the issue as quickly as possible.\"Lydia Smith tweeted: \"HSBC UK where's my money? I didn't get paid my wages today and I have bills to pay.\"Bacs processes transactions worth up to around \u00a350 billion every day and is seen as critical to the functioning of the UK financial system.A spokesperson for the ogranisation said: \"Bacs is aware of an isolated issue affecting one of its member organisations. The Bacs system is operating as normal and we are currently working with our partners to help resolve this as quickly as possible.\" So will @HSBC_Group pay all our bank charges caused by not getting paid today\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of HSBC Holdings, plc. was 28.896543502807617 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of HSBC Holdings, plc. was ",
 "expected": "28.543973922729492",
 "date": "2015-08-28",
 "ticker": "HSBC",
 "company": "HSBC Holdings, plc."
}