{
 "context": "The following article called 'EU's Tusk cancels EU summit as euro zone talks on Greece continue' was published on 2015-07-12. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nSun, Jul 12, 2015, 10:28 BST - UK Markets closed EU's Tusk cancels EU summit as euro zone talks on Greece continue Reuters \u2013 51 minutes ago Print \nBRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk said on Sunday that he had cancelled a planned meeting of EU heads of state and government this afternoon, with a summit of euro zone leaders scheduled to continue until talks conclude on Greece. \nTusk said in a tweet that the euro zone summit would start at 1600 CET (1400 GMT), an hour later than planned \"and last until we conclude talks on Greece\". \nEuro zone leaders were due to meet on Sunday, either to endorse a decision to open talks on a new bailout or, along with other EU leaders, to take steps to contain the fallout from a looming Greek bankruptcy. \n(Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop; editing by Foo Yun Chee) Follow the quotes you care about most. Access timely news and investment updates to stay on top of the market. \u2026 More \u00bb Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was 30.686241149902344 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was ",
 "expected": "31.397863388061523",
 "date": "2015-07-12",
 "ticker": "DB",
 "company": "Deutsche Bank AG"
}