{
 "context": "The following article called 'What Monitise Plc\u2019s Latest Partnership With Banco Santander SA Means For The Group' was published on 2015-07-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nWed, Jul 1, 2015, 11:39 BST - UK Markets close in 4 hrs 51 mins What Monitise Plc\u2019s Latest Partnership With Banco Santander SA Means For The Group By Rupert Hargreaves | Fool.co.uk \u2013 49 minutes ago 0.00 \nSantander (LSE: BNC) and Monitise (LSE: MONI) are at it again. \nThe two companies continue to flirt with each other, and this morning announced a new fintech (financial tchnology) joint venture. According to the press release, the joint venture has the potential to redefine and support financial services globally. \nMonitise and Santander will each take a 50:50 share in the new venture, the benefits of which are clear for both parties. \nMultiple benefits \nBy partnering up, Santander will gain access to Monitise's world-leading mobile money platform. This includes Monitise's new cloud-based platform designed to help banks collect and collate digital information for their customers. \nMeanwhile, Monitise will benefit from a multi-million pound upfront licence fee, with further ongoing revenues expected to be generated by the initiative. This is in addition to the company's 50% share of the business and opportunity to work with one of the Eurozone's largest banks. \nBoth parties will commit \u00a310m of capital each to the project over the space of two years. Through upfront fees and ongoing revenue related to the joint venture, Monitise should be able to realise a positive return on investment pretty quickly. \nImportant deal \nThe importance of today's deal between Monitise and Santander shouldn't be underestimated. The two companies have worked together in the past and, as I've speculated before, a tie-up could be on the cards in the near future. \nSantander has long made it clear that the bank is looking to increase its online presence. Santander has 92m retail customers globally, of which only 12.2m do most of their banking with Santander. Management has stated that it wants to hike this figure to 17m by 2017, which the bank believes could add ?2bn to ?3bn of additional income. \nAnd it seems that Monitise is a crucial part of this growth plan. \nWorking together \nSo far, Monitise and Santander have already collaborated on the development of three different mobile money apps for customers. The first was Yaap, Santander's Spanish m-commerce joint venture with CaixaBank and Telef\u00f3nica . \nThe second, Santander's SmartBank app designed for students, and lastly, Santander recently released the UK's first standalone ISA mobile app. Once again, the ISA app was designed in conjunction with Monitise. \nSantander's relationship with Monitise also gives the bank access to IBM's technology and global presence. Monitise signed a joint-venture deal with IBM last August, which was once again focused on developing mobile banking solutions for the financial services industry. \nAttracting customers \nMonitise's deal with IBM has already started to attract customers. \nAt the beginning of May, another European banking giant, Soci\u00e9t\u00e9 G\u00e9n\u00e9rale , released a mobile banking app that was developed with the support of IBM and Monitise. Also, Virgin Money and Turkey's, T\u00fcrk Ekonomi Bankas? have both recently signed deals with Monitise. \nSo overall, today's deal between Monitise and Santander is great news for both parties, but Monitise is set to benefit the most: the company has locked in a significant revenue boost while strengthening its relationship with a key partner. \nThe sky's the limit \nMonitise could have a bright future, but if you're not convinced, The Motley Fool's top analysts have recently identified a company that they consider to be one of the market's \"top small caps\" . \nUnlike Monitise, the company in question has a substantial cash balance, proven advantage and is supported by some of the biggest players in its industry. Our analysts reckon that the shares of this company could have a potential upside of 45% ! \nAll is revealed in our new free report entitled \"Is This Stock Tomorrow's Big Winner?\" \nDon't delay, download the free report today -- but hurry, it's only available for a limited time. \nRupert Hargreaves owns shares of International Business Machines. The Motley Fool UK owns shares of Monitise. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Banco Santander Brasil SA was 3.7902157306671143 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Banco Santander Brasil SA was ",
 "expected": "3.7693138122558594",
 "date": "2015-07-01",
 "ticker": "BSBR",
 "company": "Banco Santander Brasil SA"
}