{
 "context": "The following article called 'BENEFITS OF WNC's INSURANCE (smart web)' was published on 2015-07-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy smart web Jul 17, 2015 'WNC'... well to define it fore mostly, it's a leading, quite respectable insurance firm that deals with most of the insurance products that are written through some nationwide financial departments. They are well known innovative and premier administrator of lender placed and voluntary insurance programs that are usually activated for social welfare at times of emergency.It has been a long time, since they are working quite hard to help the needy on time as per the requirements of people. Its client's base includes almost more than 700 financial institutions nationwide providing services through multiple offices in three time zones.WNC is one of the top five US cover holders at the world's largest insurance market. \"Strength, service, specialty\" is their basic motto on which they work. MEDICAL INSURANCE HENDERSONVILLE Hendersonville is a place found in Henderson country, North Carolina. It is a very beautiful place to live with nice weather and hilly slopes all at its sides which make it a wonder place where every person wants to reside.WNC provides health insurance to all the natives of Hendersonville at very reasonable and affordable price. It always provides high class advice to its customers and helps them to overcome their doubts regarding the various coverage plans they want, healthcare facilities, etc.There are a number of healthcare agents who are designated to do this work only. They inform people regarding their various plans from private insurance for families, individual and employees to government subsidized health insurance plans. These agents convince the customers to invest in their plans and assure them of various beneficial returns they'll get in future. INSURANCE HENDERSON COUNTRY The term 'Insurance' itself says - insuring the recovery of loss in future. And yes in certain ways ut do that also. WNC is the most reputed firm that works to insure people in accordance with health. There are many other firms also in Henderson that works for benefit of others and enlighten them by making them understand the pros. & cons of insuring their lives, home & property as that can prove quite beneficiary for them.Apart from WNC, there are various different firms also that have shown remarkable performance in the field of Insurance. \"Kentucky farm bureau\" is one of them. They allure their customers by assuring their presence at the time of need and lend a helping hand whenever any tragedy occurs. Kentucky farm bureau is the #1 property and casualty insurer for people across the beautiful commonwealth of Kentucky. Their rates are quite affordable. This firm is acknowledged in the names of various products like - auto, home, farm, business, church, commercial, dwelling fire, flood, boat, life, annuities, health and many more.Moreover, Kentucky has been awarded an \"excellent rating\" from AM Best (the most respected name in insuring surveys) and \"A+ excellence\" by WEISS Ratings / the street.com (the leading consumer advocate for the property and casualty insurance industry). Kentucky Farm Bureau's tag line says \"Big on commitment\" and they strive hard to prove their words true. About the Author Roperinsuranceagency.com offer a unique combination of great insurance service in iInsurance WNC . Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wabash National Corporation was 11.033778190612793 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wabash National Corporation was ",
 "expected": "10.807673454284668",
 "date": "2015-07-17",
 "ticker": "WNC",
 "company": "Wabash National Corporation"
}