{
 "context": "The following article called 'Cramer Wants You to Buy Wal-Mart on a Pullback, Avoid Micron for Now' was published on 2015-08-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nReprint \nNEW YORK ( TheStreet ) -- Wal-Mart ( WMT - Get Report ) is scheduled to report earnings on Tuesday and the analysts at Baird put together an \"excellent\" research note, TheStreet's Jim Cramer said on CNBC's \"Mad Dash\" segment Monday. \nWith its lowest valuation in some time and a dividend yield approaching 3%, analysts are finding the stock attractive, explained Cramer, the co-manager of the Action Alerts PLUS portfolio . \nWhile Cramer doesn't expect management to be so forthcoming, if they would just say the drop in the Chinese currency has now increased the company's purchasing power, the stock could rally. \nWal-Mart WMT data by YCharts \nHowever, he expects the stock to make one last dip lower, which would provide investors with an excellent buying opportunity -- especially if the yield nears 3.5%. Wal-Mart should also benefit as gas prices continue to move lower, putting more money in consumers' pockets. \nTurning to Micron ( MU - Get Report ) , Cramer pointed out that analysts are mixed on the stock. Some say more downside exists due to a continued imbalance between supply and demand, while others say the worst is over. \nMust Read: The Bulls Are in Danger of Turning Into Lemmings \nThe stock's valuation looks cheap, but that's only predicated on the PC industry improving, Cramer said. \nSo while shares of Micron look attractive, he's not ready to pull the trigger just yet. Cheap stocks have a tendency to stay cheap for a while. At the time of publication, Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS had no position in companies mentioned. Check Out Our Best Services for Investors \nPortfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 63.029354095458984 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "60.503997802734375",
 "date": "2015-08-17",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}