{
 "context": "The following article called 'Wal-Mart (WMT) Continues to Expand Online Business - Analyst Blog' was published on 2015-07-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done \nIt seems that retail giant Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT is constantly making efforts to expand its e-commerce business. Recently, the company acquired the remaining shares to take full ownership of the Yihaodian e-commerce business in China. Wal-Mart has also recently opened one e-commerce fulfillment center in Bethlehem, PA. \nOn Jul 22, this giant retailer acquired the remaining 49% shares in Yihaodian from Ping An of China, a financial services group, and the co-founders, former Chairman Gang Yu and former CEO Junling Liu. Though the two co-founders are leaving Yihaodian, they will continue to serve as Chairman Emeritus and Strategic Executive Advisor, respectively to ensure a smooth transition of Yihaodian. \nWal-Mart had acquired a 51% interest in the Chinese Internet retailer Yihaodian in Aug 2012. The company has appointed Wang Lu, president and CEO of Walmart Global eCommerce in Asia to lead Yihaodian. \nYihaodian is one of China\u2019s top online supermarket businesses. It currently offers more than 8,000,000 products and covers 14 product lines. With its full ownership, Wal-Mart would continue to grow in China. It can invest further in accelerating e-commerce and creating a seamless experience for customers across online, mobile and stores. \nIn addition, on the same date, Wal-Mart opened its new fulfillment center in Bethlehem, PA, which is one of its two centers in the Lehigh Valley dedicated to fulfilling online orders. This one is a step further to support the company's rapidly growing e-commerce business. The new 1.2 million square feet facility will provide nearly 400 full-time jobs in the Lehigh Valley. \nWal-Mart\u2019s e-commerce business has been performing quite well owing to rising demand. The company is keen on accelerating growth of this business and improving customer service. It also expects to invest aggressively in e-commerce initiatives in fiscal 2016 in order to compete with Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN, the leader in online business. Recently, it also launched an online sale as a counterattack against Amazon\u2019s Prime Day on Jul 15. (Read: Wal-Mart's Reply to Amazon Prime Day). \nWalmart currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). \nBetter-ranked retailers include The Kroger Co. KR and Roundy\u2019s Inc. RNDY. Both hold a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). \nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 61.909969329833984 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "62.359718322753906",
 "date": "2015-07-27",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}