{
 "context": "The following article called 'UBS Prefers Stocks to Bonds Over Next Six Months' was published on 2015-08-31. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nUBS Prefers Stocks to Bonds Over Next Six Months China worries downplayed UBS Prefers Stocks to Bonds Over Next Six Months Focusing on communication from central banks, the Wealth Management unit of Swiss bank UBS recommends Eurozone and Japanese equities Advertising Print This Post A UBS logo sits on display outside the headquarters of UBS AG in Zurich, Switzerland, Photo: Bloomberg \nUBS recommends its clients to be overweight Eurozone and Japanese shares in the coming months, as central banks remain committed to easing policy, whilst the Federal Reserve could raise rates for the first time during this monetary policy cycle. \nA note to clients issued by UBS is highlighting the importance of central bank communication efforts going forward. The Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan all have different approaches when it comes to communicating policymaking decisions. \nAccording to the analysis by Global Chief Investment Officer of the Wealth Management division of UBS, Mark Haefele, its not about what is being said but rather how central bankers are communicating. \nIn his words the commitment of the Federal Reserve to be \u201cdata dependent\u201d signifies that the central bank is committed to support the markets. With similar rhetoric from the Bank of England the Swiss bank\u2019s team is expecting that the U.S. central bank will raise rates to 1 percent in 2016. Chinese economic stability \nElaborating on the fundamentals of the Chinese economy, UBS is expecting that the government will continue to use the tools available at its disposal to \u201cpromote stability\u201d. While growth is slowing, additional stimulus is not to be ruled out. Apparently the Swiss bank is supporting a baseline scenario, where Chinese authorities manage the economy carefully and avoid any bubble bursting scenario. European Central Bank actions \nWith the European Central Bank (ECB) focusing on its inflation target of below but close to 2 percent, Mario Draghi is is still committed to his \u201cwhatever it takes\u201d wording from 2011. UBS considers the ECB to be likely to continue its expansionary monetary policy throughout 2016 and is forecasting a test of recent lows in the EUR/USD. \nAt the same time the Swiss bank is advising its clients to be overweight European equities for the same reasons. The forecast is expecting that European companies\u2019 earnings will grow between 12 and 15 percent in 2015 and downplays fears about a Chinese slowdown materially affecting European firms. Bank of Japan outlook \nUBS highlights a Bank of Japan official\u2019s quote, \u201cWhen there is substantial slack of demand, devaluation and/or monetary expansion are a good policy.\u201d \nThe company is recommending its clients to continue holding Japanese stocks and stresses that monetary authorities could do more to achieve the 2 percent inflation target. The depreciation effect from the renminbi is likely to support further changes in monetary policy. The Swiss bank expects that earnings of Japanese companies will rise 18 percent throughout the year.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of UBS AG was 13.980134010314941 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of UBS AG was ",
 "expected": "13.558319091796875",
 "date": "2015-08-31",
 "ticker": "UBS",
 "company": "UBS AG"
}