{
 "context": "The following article called 'Financial Advisor Placement Services (Jay Sharma)' was published on 2015-07-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Jay Sharma Jul 13, 2015 Financial Advisor Placement Services is the premier financial advisor recruiting firm, that specializes in placing only financial advisors. There is no cost to the Advisor! 2015 is our best year ever! The reason why advisors go with us is because of our industry relationships, knowledge and high touch professional service. Most of our advisors thank us for helping them find a new broker dealer, and we tell them that we are just doing our job, which is helping advisors succeed! Financial Advisors who want to change firms, usually don't have the background, knowledge, or time to have numerous discussions with many broker dealers. Your decision to find your next broker dealer is an important one. You will want your next broker dealer to fit your practice, and that's where we add value-in sorting through all of the firms and identifying the ones to fit your needs and personality.We work closely with many broker dealers, where we know the key decision makers well. We will familiarize you with these firms so that you can understand their culture, products, platforms, and introduce you to their key executives. We will act as your \"agent\" to negotiate the best deal possible.No matter how much business you do, we want to work for you! Many of our competitors only focus on the large producers, we want to work with financial advisors of all backgrounds and production levels. Broker Dealer or RIA? We work with several Registered Investment Advisors where you can join their firms, if you want to go that route. You can either \"plug into\" and existing RIA or we also work with consultants who will help you start your own. Domestic or International Broker Dealers: We represent broker dealers who work with both domestic as well as international clients. We have placed financial advisors who have financial practices outside of the United States. Small, Mid or Large Broker Dealers: We represent small and mid-sized Independent broker dealers as well as larger national firms and also work with many firms that offer high payouts with low cost. We represent boutique firms that specialize in certain product sets. Clearing firms include: Pershing, National Financial, First Clearing, Raymond James, RBC, Wedbush, Southwest, Sterne Agee, TD Ameritrade, Core, and Schwab. We also work with some regional and national firms which are self-clearing such as Linsco Private Ledger, and Janney Montgomery Scott. About the Author Financial Advisor Placement Services is the premier financial advisor recruiting firm, Independent broker dealer firms & Independent broker dealer payouts that specializes in placing only financial advisors. There is no cost to the Advisor! Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Independent Bank Corporation was 11.118335723876953 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Independent Bank Corporation was ",
 "expected": "11.25782585144043",
 "date": "2015-07-13",
 "ticker": "IBCP",
 "company": "Independent Bank Corporation"
}