{
 "context": "The following article called 'Rs 20k-cr worth bank transactions hit due to bandh in Odisha' was published on 2015-09-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nRs 20k-cr worth bank transactions hit due to bandh in Odisha The stir called by the trade unions also impacted the business deals of the state traders BS Reporter | September 2, 2015 Last Updated at 17:06 IST email this article Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy: Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ PSU bank union opposes grant of license to payments banks Slower demand growth and low prices hurting aluminium producers Trade unions' national strike: Pro-RSS union might stay away How Manmohan Singh became 'conspirator number 3' in the Hindalco case Union Bank to open 100 digital branches this year Banking operations in the state came to a standstill as the banks joined the daylong nationwide strike called by the central trade unions. \n\"Banking transactions to the tune of Rs 20,000 crore was impacted by the day long strike. Bank branches have extended their support \", said PK Tripathy, general secretary, All Odisha Bank Employees Association, the state unit of All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA). \n\"We have shut down the banks demanding meticulous recovery of NPA (non-performing assets), punitive action against the willful defaulters, and stop outsourcing of bank jobs, among others. Operations at the State Bank of India came to a halt with employees picketing outside the branches. New generation private banks have not joined the stir\", he added. \nThe stir called by the trade unions also impacted the business deals of the state traders. \n\"Business deals worth Rs 1,500 crore was impacted as all shops and commercial establishments pulled down their shutters\", said Sudhakar Panda, secretary, Odisha Baybasayai Mahasangha. \nThe mining activities in the state also came to a halt as the workers in the mining areas did not turn up for duty. \n\"About two lakh tonne of coal production was hampered in all mines due to the strike. The loss is pegged at Rs 1,000 per tonne, \" said a spokesperson of Mahanadi Coalfields Limited, a 100 per cent subsidiary of Coal India Limited. \nWhile the movement of trains was affected in several parts of the state due to the bandh, the road communication was disrupted as the buses and trucks remained off roads leaving the passengers stranded at different places. \nIT companies claimed to have full attendance at their development centres. \nAs many as 10 central trade unions had given a strike call over a 12 point charter of demands, including withdrawal of the proposed anti-worker amendments in labour laws and stopping the disinvestments and privatization of public sector undertakings.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation was 19.075803756713867 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation was ",
 "expected": "19.745128631591797",
 "date": "2015-09-02",
 "ticker": "AUB",
 "company": "Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation"
}