{
 "context": "The following article called 'It's good that climate change is on the agenda for big business' was published on 2015-07-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nIt's good that climate change is on the agenda for big business 09 July 2015 For   Leaders , Finance and Economics and Climate Change Topic Guides (Image: Christoffer Relander) THE good news: we've finally stopped arguing about whether climate change is real. The bad news: we're still arguing over what to do about it. And the more we talk, the warmer the globe gets. So why do we keep arguing, rather than acting? Largely because humans can't think straight about climate change, a subject almost unparalleled in its capacity to breed confusion and inaction (see \" 33 reasons why we can't think clearly about climate change \"). Of course, one group does know how to think about it: climate scientists. But their models and scenarios can be difficult for laypeople to grasp, and hard to translate into the practical steps urgently needed to fend off permanent, large-scale losses (see \" Climate change hits world's outstanding natural areas \"). This week, scientists are gathering in Paris \u2013 which will in December host the next big climate summit \u2013 to prepare suggestions for \"an ambitious post-2015 governance regime\". Given the dismal lack of progress to date, you would have to be a die-hard optimist to expect those suggestions to be taken up by negotiators at the end of the year. Even those leading the talks seem weary of the merry-go-round. What's now needed is continuous and systematic negotiation, not intermittent gabfests, says S\u00e9gol\u00e8ne Royal, who will hold the French chair at the December summit. \"If you treated a business like that, it would have gone bust years ago,\" she says. Perhaps it is just as well, then, that the latest climate activists mean business \u2013 literally. A growing number of companies and investors have concluded that climate change will hit them hard. There is mounting pressure to retreat from companies with large carbon exposures. Climate change, says Paul Polman, CEO of Unilever, \"is no longer just a moral case but an economic one\". Others, from artists to clergy, are starting to speak up too (see \" It's time for science to take a back seat on climate change \"), but business, above all, has the ear of policy-makers. That might be enough to ignite action on climate change, and on that ambitious governance regime. After all, when money talks, people tend to listen. This article appeared in print under the headline \"When money talks\" New Scientist Subscribe to New Scientist and get: New Scientist magazine delivered every week Unlimited online access to articles from over 500 back issues Subscribe Now and Save If you would like to reuse any content from New Scientist, either in print or online, please contact the syndication department first for permission. New Scientist does not own rights to photos, but there are a variety of licensing options available for use of articles and graphics we own the copyright to. ADVERTISEMENT\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Unilever PLC was 34.48297882080078 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Unilever PLC was ",
 "expected": "36.18483352661133",
 "date": "2015-07-09",
 "ticker": "UL",
 "company": "Unilever PLC"
}