{
 "context": "The following article called 'Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation Announces Common Stock Repurchase Program' was published on 2015-09-11. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nGreat Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation Announces Common Stock Repurchase Program Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company 15 hours ago Content preferences Done \nOAK BROOK, Ill., Sept. 11, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation ( GLDD ), the largest provider of dredging services in the United States and a major provider of environmental and remediation services, today announced that its Board of Directors has approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $15 million of its common stock. Under the authorization, the Company may purchase common stock from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. \nThe amount and timing of any purchases will depend upon a number of factors, including the price and availability of the Company's shares, trading volume and general market conditions. As of July 31, 2015, the Company had 60,521,274 shares of common stock outstanding. \nThe Company \nGreat Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (\"Great Lakes\" or the \"Company\") is the largest provider of dredging services in the United States and the only U.S. dredging company with significant international operations. The Company is also a significant provider of environmental and remediation services on land and water. The Company employs civil, ocean and mechanical engineering staff in its estimating, production and project management functions. In its 125-year history, the Company has never failed to complete a marine project. Great Lakes has a disciplined training program for engineers that ensures experienced-based performance as they advance through Company operations. Great Lakes also owns and operates the largest and most diverse fleet in the U.S. dredging industry, comprised of over 200 specialized vessels. \nCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements \nCertain statements in this press release may constitute \"forward-looking\" statements as defined in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the \"Exchange Act\"), the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the \"PSLRA\") or in releases made by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the \"SEC\"), all as may be amended from time to time. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Great Lakes and its subsidiaries, or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking language, such as the words \"plan,\" \"believe,\" \"expect,\" \"anticipate,\" \"intend,\" \"estimate,\" \"project,\" \"may,\" \"would,\" \"could,\" \"should,\" \"seeks,\" or \"scheduled to,\" or other similar words, or the negative of these terms or other variations of these terms or comparable language, or by discussion of strategy or intentions. These cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the Exchange Act and the PSLRA with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the \"safe harbor\" provisions of such laws. Great Lakes cautions investors that any forward-looking statements made by Great Lakes are not guarantees or indicative of future performance. Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements with respect to Great Lakes, include, but are not limited to: our ability to obtain federal government dredging and other contracts; our ability to qualify as an eligible bidder under government contract criteria and to compete successfully against other qualified bidders; risks associated with cost over-runs, operating cost inflation and potential claims for liquidated damages, particularly with respect to our fixed cost contracts; the timing of our performance on contracts; significant liabilities that could be imposed were we to fail to comply with government contracting regulations; risks related to international dredging operations, including instability in the Middle East; a significant negative change to large, single customer contracts from which a significant portion of our international revenue is derived; changes in previously-recorded revenue and profit due to our use of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting; consequences of any lapse in disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting; changes in the amount of our estimated backlog; our ability to obtain bonding or letters of credit; increasing costs to operate and maintain aging vessels; equipment or mechanical failures; acquisition integration and consolidation risks; liabilities related to our historical demolition business; impacts of legal and regulatory proceedings; unforeseen delays and cost overruns related to the construction of new vessels; our becoming liable for the obligations of joint ventures, partners and subcontractors; capital and operational costs due to environmental regulations; unionized labor force work stoppages; maintaining an adequate level of insurance coverage; information technology security breaches; our substantial amount of indebtedness; restrictions imposed by financing covenants; the impact of adverse capital and credit market conditions; limitations on our hedging strategy imposed by new statutory and regulatory requirements for derivative transactions; foreign exchange risks; changes in macroeconomic indicators and the overall business climate; and losses attributable to our investments in privately financed projects. Furthermore, with regard to a large mine remediation project in Washington State that has been affected by the Wolverine forest fire, the project site has been evacuated causing a delay in the work. We are not able to estimate the length of the delay, and an extensive delay has not been factored into our forecasts. For additional information on these and other risks and uncertainties, please see Item 1A. \"Risk Factors\" of Great Lakes' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and in other securities filings by Great Lakes with the SEC. \nAlthough Great Lakes believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by such forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from a projection or assumption in any forward-looking statements. Great Lakes' future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made only as of the date hereof and Great Lakes does not have or undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise, unless otherwise required by law. \nGLDD FIN\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation was 5.369999885559082 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation was ",
 "expected": "5.260000228881836",
 "date": "2015-09-11",
 "ticker": "GLDD",
 "company": "Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation"
}