{
 "context": "The following article called 'Six communities complain of cheating by AngloGold Ashanti' was published on 2015-10-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  17:00 CET Six communities complain of cheating by AngloGold Ashanti By GNA \nObuasi (Ash), Oct 13, GNA - Six communities in the Obuasi Municipality and the adjoining Amansie Central District, have complained about cheating and unfair treatment by AngloGold Ashanti. \nThe people of Sanso, Anyinam, Nyamebekyere, Nhyieso, Bidiem and Diawuoso, many of them farmers and clad in red, to symbolize their angry mood, said they were being given a raw deal by the company, regarding compensation payment for farms and farmlands destroyed. \nAt a joint press conference held at Bidiem, they accused AngloGold of blatant disregard for the requirement under the Mineral and Mining Act that holders of mining lease could only start operations after successfully negotiating compensation package payment with the land owners and lawful occupiers of the land. \nMrs. Olivia Delali Fiagbor, their Spokesperson, claimed that contrary to the demand by the law, the company would move in equipment to completely level food and cash crop farms without notice to the farmers and later pay paltry amounts of money to them as compensation. \nThat, she said, was totally unacceptable, adding that, it was simply a clear demonstration of 'corporate impunity'. \nShe pointed out that they were not against AngloGold digging for gold ore on their lands but what they opposed to was its refusal to do was right and lawful. \nMrs. Fiagbor said in calculating the size of compensation for crops destroyed it was important to factor in the loss of expected income depending on their nature and life expectancy, something the company had refused to do. \nAgain, they found it difficult to understand why the determination of compensation payment rates should be at the discretion of the company instead of the law. \n'The typical take it or leave it approach by AngloGold officials, who set their own rates and push these down the throat of the poor farmer' must stop, she added. \nThe farmers said they welcomed the partnership deal between Randgold and AngloGold to revamp the Obuasi mine but urged Randgold to ensure that all outstanding issues between the farmers and AngloGold were resolved. \nThat, they maintained, was the way forward to promote smooth and uninterrupted operation. \nEfforts by the Ghana News Agency (GNA) to get the company to respond to the farmers' concerns were unsuccessful as both the General Manager, Corporate Affairs and the Sustainability Manager, could not be reached on phone. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of AngloGold Ashanti Limited was 9.000663757324219 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of AngloGold Ashanti Limited was ",
 "expected": "9.427909851074219",
 "date": "2015-10-13",
 "ticker": "AU",
 "company": "AngloGold Ashanti Limited"
}