{
 "context": "The following article called 'Frogglez Goggles having its first \u2014 and last \u2014 summer season at Wal-Mart' was published on 2015-07-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nRachel Aretakis Dr. Christian Hahn invented Frogglez Goggles. This is the first and last summer that Frogglez Goggles \u2014 a Louisville invention \u2014 will be on the shelves of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Dr. Christian Hahn , the owner of Ideal Dentistry in Prospect and a father who invented Frogglez Goggles for his children, spent more than a year in negotiations with Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT). And he learned a lot from the process that convinced him to pursue other options besides Wal-Mart, which doesn't want to sell the goggles at the manufacturer's suggested retail price. The goggles are made of materials used in wet suits. They don't pull hair, are easy to put on and float in water. After receiving a patent in 2013, Hahn has worked with chains such as Wal-Mart and Bed Bath & Beyond (NASDAQ: BBBY) to sell the goggles. \"When we first launched the company, we wanted to be everywhere,\" Hahn said. The result: Frogglez Goggles are available online and in 250 Wal-Mart stores, 30 Bed Bath & Beyond stores, 250 Kroger stores and 30 buybuy BABY stores as well as One Step Ahead. Online, the goggles are for sale at Amazon.com , Costco Wholesale Corp. (NASDAQ: COST) and soon online at Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT). But as Hahn went through the process of obtaining vendor numbers from the retailers, he realized his business philosophy doesn't quite fit with that of Wal-Mart. \"Do I want to be a mass-market discount merchandiser,\" he said, \"or do I want to create a new experience in the swim goggle market?\" He chose the latter, he said, because Wal-Mart wanted prices that are too low to make a profit. So as Frogglez Goggles see dwindling days at Wal-Mart, Hahn is focusing on other retailers that will sell his product at the manufacturer's suggested retail price, $19.95. Currently, Wal-Mart sells Frogglez in stores for $16.96. Locally, the goggles are sold at SwimVilleUSA, Brilliant Sky Toys & Books and Snazzy's Consignment. He's targeting places that offer swim lessons, with the goal of 500 swim schools by the end of next year. \"We're trying to bring Frogglez to everyone who is learning to swim,\" he said. As part of that effort, he has created a learn-to-swim program called Frogglez Swim Club that's based on a learning program created by with Olympian swimmer Chris Cook. The club will use the goggles as incentive for children to achieve certain skill levels of swimming. It will offer online resources and will connect swimmers and instructors to share experiences. Hahn plans to market the program to swim schools that offer Frogglez and expects to launch in August or September. \"We want to be the No.1 learn-to-swim program in the world,\" he said. As Hahn works on promoting the swim club and the brand to swim schools, he also has an eye on expanding into other products, such as rain boots. In addition, he plans to offer customized online orders that will allow consumers to choose the color, screen print and size or tint online. Under the parent company Made By My Dad LLC, Hahn employs one full-time worker and two part-times sales representatives. He leases about 5,000 square feet of warehouse space in Louisville and Stockton, Calif., and has a room dedicated to Frogglez in his Ideal Dentistry practice. So far in 2015, Hahn said, he already has doubled his 2014 sales, which were about 30,000 units. Frogglez generated $250,000 in gross revenue. His goal is to have $5 million to $10 million in revenue in the next few years. Hahn, who invented Frogglez after having trouble putting goggles on his three children, said everything he creates is tested on his children. \"Everything that we sell, it has to work for my kids.\" \nWant Louisville Retailing & Restaurants news in your inbox? Sign up for our free email newsletters. Related Content\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 63.8213996887207 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "63.85601043701172",
 "date": "2015-07-15",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}