{
 "context": "The following article called 'How to Choose Top Stocks to Buy (Pratiksha Jadhav)' was published on 2015-09-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Pratiksha Jadhav Sep 3, 2015 Indian stock market has enlisted thousands of stocks you can buy or sell each day. You can choose top stocks to buy and can make money. To a beginner, it can be quite crushing to choose the right stock. For majority stocks like TCS, Infosys, etc are the few names that come first to the mind. There are several other high performing stocks to choose. When you are looking for best stocks to buy, just make your own list. Don't copy others, he might be a millionaire. We all know that the only people who invest wisely make money in stock market. The success in stock market lies in the fact that they choose their own top stocks. We are sharing with you some key hints so that you can choose prudently your own list of best stocks. Key Points to Choose Top Stocks to Buy Market Capitalization: In order to pick the top stocks, the easiest way is to choose based on market capitalization. Top stocks based on decreasing market capitalization will help choosing the best 100 stocks to invest. Market capitalization is a concept that tells everything about a stock. It tells about its brand image, financial health, and management efficiency. But, it does not mean that high market cap stocks are good to buy. Market capitalization says all about stocks but it does not ensure accurate valuation. PEG: Looking for higher returns in the long-term? Go to buy top stocks at 'fair price'. To assess if a stock is priced correctly, check its PEG ratio and dividend yield. Stocks getting PEG ratio of less than 1 is considered undervalued. Dividend Yield: There is no such thumb rule for dividend yield value that can indicate undervalued stocks, although it's the best idea to consider the higher the better. Stocks having high market capitalization and paying dividend is considered as an indicator for good value stock. 52 Week Price Change: To be on the safe side, you should also consider a technical indicator. Stocks that have been depreciated in the last one year can be a good value indicator. You can consider buying those stocks that has depreciated substantially through the last 52 weeks. There are several factors when you are looking to buy best stocks. Understand Nature of Business Before you go to investing stocks, it is quite essential to firstly understand the business, and then only invest in stocks. Do the proper research and explore company's web site. Earning Profit of Company Investors should read quarterly and annual earnings reports to ascertain company's net income, in per-share earnings. The slew of past scandals send message among investors that reported earnings are not always authentic. So, invest after going thoroughly with company profile. Company's Balance Sheet Serious-minded investors who eye for long-term gains need to read over company's balance sheet. Is the company burdened with a gigantic amount of debt, irrespective what are its earning? Reading through company's earnings not only tells you the company's borrowings to realize those earnings, but it also useful to spot the spending on R & D, its inventory levels (growing inventory levels indicate, business is slowing down). Want to best stocks to buy? Our stock market experts are always there to assist you. Get in touch with us. About the Author Read key tips to choose the top stocks to buy and earn gains. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Infosys Limited was 7.361843109130859 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Infosys Limited was ",
 "expected": "7.138246059417725",
 "date": "2015-09-03",
 "ticker": "INFY",
 "company": "Infosys Limited"
}