{
 "context": "The following article called 'Volkswagen owners could get compensation worth thousands of pounds from emissions scandal' was published on 2015-10-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nVolkswagen owners could get compensation worth thousands of pounds from emissions scandal Volkswagen owners could get compensation worth thousands of pounds from emissions scandal OWNERS of Volkswagen or Audi cars fitted with diesel emission cheating software are in line for thousands of pounds in compensation, according to experts. PUBLISHED: 16:58, Wed, Oct 14, 2015 | UPDATED: 17:36, Wed, Oct 14, 2015 GETTY Volkswagen owners could be due thousands of pounds in payouts \nThe shamed German carmaker has started contacting around 1.2million British vehicle owners which it has identified as being affected by the scandal that has rocked the world. \nIn customer correspondence Volkswagen has moved to assure owners that vehicles are safe and roadworthy, after it emerged that the carmaker installed so-called defeat devices to rig official pollutions tests. \nThe brand has said cars will be called in for to be fixed when a solution is ready, and UK Volkswagen managing director Paul Willis said earlier this week that the recall could last until 2017. \nAt the same time, the boss tried to brush off talk of customer compensation. \nHe told MPs on the Transport Committee: I think it's premature to talk about loss of value. This is a very import an issue, but it's not a safety related issue.\" \nBut experts have told Express.co.uk that owners could bring several claims against the carmaker. \nThe first claim will be for vehicle depreciation, as the emissions scandal has dented the value of cars in the eyes of many buyers, according to Ronnie Hutcheon of R. James Hutcheon Solicitors . \nPayouts will depend on the value of the vehicle, as well as mileage and condition, said Mr Hutcheon, but he estimates that an Audi A6 could be in line for up to around \u00a33,000. Related articles\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of AudioEye, Inc. was 1.25 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of AudioEye, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "1.5",
 "date": "2015-10-14",
 "ticker": "AEYE",
 "company": "AudioEye, Inc."
}