{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nigeria: 'Building Should Not Be Vacant for More Than Six Months'' was published on 2015-08-31. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNigeria: Many People Refused Offers to Invest in MTN Nigeria-Pascal Dozie \nHe urged the department to sanction such developers. \n\"The international best practice is that no completed structure is expected to remain unoccupied for more than six months. \n\"We have submitted a proposal to that effect and we are awaiting its endorsement before we begin implementation and I urge colleagues not to relent on the proposal. \n\"Sanctions that will arise from that proposal will make it unprofitable for developers to allow their houses to remain unoccupied for too long. \n\"We do not derive joy from pulling down illegal structures but it comes as a last resort after other avenues proved ineffective. \n\"I tell junior colleagues to exhibit professionalism at all times in the discharge of their official duties. \n\"We should continue to pursue all those initiatives that make the department stand out in the area of city management and development control\", Yusuf said. \nYusuf said various initiatives of the department were designed to make building approval faster and more effective. \nYusuf thanked staff of the department for their support over the years, advising them to adhere to regulations in performing their functions of controlling development in the FCT. \nMrs Safiya Umar, the Acting Coordinator of Abuja Metropolitan Management Council (AMMC), said Yusuf's exit would create a vacuum that would be difficult to fill. \nShe advised other members of staff to emulate his tenacity and professionalism in the discharge of their duties. \n\"Malam Yusuf is leaving a great vacuum and his shoes will be difficult to fill, considering the value he has added to the department. \n\"I urge other members of staff to emulate his dedication, tenacity and professionalism so that this vacuum will not become visible to members of the public\", Umar said. \nYusuf joined the department in 2006, after transferring his service from Kogi State civil service. (NAN) Nigeria \nThree persons have been killed and two others injured in renewed hostilities between Fulani herdsmen and residents of \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Leadership. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was 95.7103271484375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "92.0037612915039",
 "date": "2015-08-31",
 "ticker": "MTN",
 "company": "Vail Resorts, Inc."
}