{
 "context": "The following article called 'How the GOP Candidates Could Influence Your Wallet' was published on 2015-08-07. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nHow the GOP Candidates Could Influence Your Wallet 08/07/2015 - 2:12 PM EDT NEW YORK ( MainStreet ) -- We can\u2019t run from it any more. The 2016 election season hosted its first debate Thursday night in Cleveland with 10 of the 17 declared candidates on one stage for the first time. \nThere was a lot said during this debate\u2019s two hour runtime, much of which was relatively predictable. The candidates vowed to undo Barack Obama\u2019s presidency, competed with each other to out-hate Hillary Clinton and promised to step aside in favor of a third term for Ronald Reagan. \nThat much most viewers could see coming, like a Democrat chewing red meat about inequality or the George W. Bush years. \nThe volume of candidates on one stage made it hard to tease out anything meaningful about individual policies. With ten voices competing for time, no one got a chance to talk about every issue, and on many subjects the candidates shared a broad (almost uniform) consensus. More Headlines Homeownership Savings: Mortgage Closing Costs Decline 7% \nYet contrary to popular opinion, that doesn\u2019t mean that these were interchangeable Republican placeholders. Quite the contrary, in an often thoughtful and occasionally fiery series of exchanges each of these candidates vying to be POTUS managed to carve out a unique personality in the upcoming race. \nWith a caveat that there\u2019s still a long (long, long, long) race ahead, and another that only Donald Trump got more than nine minutes of airtime, here are a few early takeaways about some of the candidates in this first Republican debate. \nConsensus \nWhen it comes to keeping dollars and making cents, the candidates all agreed to do three things almost immediately: defund Planned Parenthood, lower taxes and rescind the despised Obamacare . \nWhile outright war on Planned Parenthood has something of the feeling of a flavor of the week, Obamacare has been on the right wing radar since long before it even passed. Setting aside whether a president on January 21, 2017 could actually act to unwind such a vast piece of legislation, doing so would mean higher health care costs for the average American. \nLike the law or hate it, Obamacare both caps premiums and has successfully bent the curve on medical costs for years. (For a less-revoltingly short analysis, MainStreet has extensive coverage of the personal finance impact of Obamacare here .) \nDonald Trump...\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of MainStreet Bancshares, Inc. was 10.0 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of MainStreet Bancshares, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "9.904762268066406",
 "date": "2015-08-07",
 "ticker": "MNSB",
 "company": "MainStreet Bancshares, Inc."
}