{
 "context": "The following article called 'South Africa: Students Vow to Keep Wits Shut Down' was published on 2015-10-19. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMozambique: Refugees Shun Europe for Southern Africa The council of the University of the Witwatersrand has told students that it will communicate its decision on fees for the next academic year in November, angering protestors on campus. Student leaders have responded with defiance, insisting that the students will shut down the university. \"The university will remain closed until our grievances are heard,\" axed SRC president Mcebo Dlamini said. A noon address scheduled by the university council was cancelled after students forced their way into the Senate House Concourse on Monday morning. The council had earlier changed the venue for the address from the Senate House Concourse to a piazza outside the Great Hall. Students said they were not consulted about the change in venue for the address, and would continue to occupy the concourse until council representatives addressed them in person. Meanwhile, the council released a statement saying it had indeed informed the SRC of the change in venue. \"In anticipation of large numbers of students, and for health and safety reasons, Council informed the Wits Student Representative Council that this would happen on the piazza outside the Great Hall,\" the statement said. The statement from council also said the university would consider \"austerity\" measures and that vice-chancellor Adam Habib also offered to funnel any performance-based bonus owed to him to deserving students. Update: The university asked students to leave the concourse by 3pm, and students did so, moving their protest into the streets of Braamfontein and Parktown. Meanwhile, minister of higher education Dr Blade Nzimande urged universities to minimise the impact of fee increases. Speaking at a press conference held in Pretoria, Nzimande said: \"Considering the current economic challenges and fiscal constraints facing the country, the department urges all university councils and management to exercise greater caution and sensitivity in the process of determining fee increases in their institutions.\" South Africa \nThe Department of Environmental Affairs has issued an environmental authorisation for Shell South Africa Upstream B V's \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 The Daily Vox. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,700 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. was 28.9227294921875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "29.633216857910156",
 "date": "2015-10-19",
 "ticker": "SRC",
 "company": "Spirit Realty Capital, Inc."
}