{
 "context": "The following article called 'Why MasTec, Inc.'s Shares Dropped 11% Today' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWhy MasTec, Inc.'s Shares Dropped 11% Today MasTec, Inc. didn't report bad earnings today, so what has investors so worried? Travis Hoium ( TMFFlushDraw ) Oct 16, 2015 at 3:52PM \nWhat: Shares of electric industry contractor MasTec, Inc. ( NYSE:MTZ ) fell 11% on Friday after one of its competitors reported weaker-than-expected earnings. \nSo what: MasTec's move today wasn't a reaction to anything the company itself did or announced. Instead, it was a reaction to very weak earnings from Quanta Services , MasTec's larger competitor that usually does work on large transmission projects. \nQuanta's third-quarter earnings were slightly below expectations, but fourth-quarter earnings-per-share guidance was reduced from $0.34-$0.40 to a range of $0.22-$0.24. Management blamed the weak guidance on increased competition from smaller rivals on small transmission projects. They said that projects are being delayed across the country, and in an effort to keep crews and equipment busy, smaller rivals -- like MasTec -- are bidding aggressively on new transmission projects. \nNow what: While Quanta's earnings announcement isn't necessarily bad for MasTec, it isn't a good omen, especially when you consider the company's declining revenue and earnings loss in the second quarter. \nManagement should be reporting third-quarter earnings in late October, so investors should watch for signs that competition in the transmission space is indeed increasing, squeezing margins, as Quanta said. If that's the case, the rest of 2015 could be rough for MasTec's operations. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nTravis Hoium has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends MasTec. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Travis Hoium Fool Contributor Travis Hoium has been writing for fool.com since July 2010 and covers the solar industry, renewable energy, and gaming stocks among other things. Follow @flushdrawfool Article Info Oct 16, 2015 at 3:52PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was 22.860506057739258 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was ",
 "expected": "22.200613021850586",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "AA",
 "company": "Alcoa Inc."
}