{
 "context": "The following article called 'GM Awards for Minority Supplier Development' was published on 2015-08-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nB ORG W ARNER RECEIVES 2015 GM SUPPLIER IMPACT AWARD \nAuburn Hills, Michigan, August 13, 2015 - BorgWarner received a 2015 GM Supplier IMPACT Award for demonstrating top performance in the Diversity Spend Percentage to Goal category and excelling in the Significantly Improved category. Held prior to the Michigan Minority Procurement Conference in Detroit, GM's annual Supplier IMPACT meeting highlighted strategic Tier 1 suppliers that have made a strong impact on their company's supply chain with certified, diverse suppliers. BorgWarner ranked as one of GM's Top 20 Tier 1 suppliers for 2014. \n\"A diverse supply chain adds value to BorgWarner's long-term growth by providing flexible, innovative and competitive solutions,\" said James R. Verrier, President and Chief Executive Officer, BorgWarner. \"Our supplier strategy reflects the diversity existing in the markets we serve and supports our goal to be the strategic partner of choice for our customers. We are very proud of our efforts to work with minority, women and veteran- owned businesses, and pleased to receive this recognition from GM.\" \nAbout BorgWarner \nBorgWarner Inc. (NYSE: BWA) is a product leader in highly engineered components and systems for powertrains around the world. Operating manufacturing and technical facilities in 57 locations in 18 countries, the company delivers innovative powertrain solutions to improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and enhance performance. For more information, please visit borgwarner.com. -more- BorgWarner Inc. (BorgWarner Receives Three 2014 Supplier Quality Excellence Awards from GM) - 2 Brad Snyder, Enterprise Commodity Manager, BorgWarner (middle left), accepted a 2015 GM Supplier IMPACT Award from David Drouillard, GM Executive Director of Global Purchasing and Supply Chain (left), Michelle Sourie-Robinson, President & CEO of Michigan Minority Supplier Development Council (middle right) and Pollyette Lenear, GM Supplier Diversity Program Manager (right) ###\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was 25.16339874267578 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was ",
 "expected": "25.668787002563477",
 "date": "2015-08-13",
 "ticker": "GM",
 "company": "General Motors Company"
}