{
 "context": "The following article called 'Financial Analyst at Safari Solutions (Rockville, MD)' was published on 2015-08-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWealth Strategies Group, a financial services firm, is seeking a Financial Analyst in Rockville, MD. Are you process oriented with attention to detail? Do you enjoy tasks associated with numbers and accuracy? And, are you good communicator who enjoys team interaction? COMPANY: Wealth Strategies Group, a regionally-based, comprehensive financial services firm, specializes in estate, investment, retirement, and tax planning. Focused on private wealth management, our mission is to help protect and grow our clients wealth so they can enjoy life to the fullest. OPPORTUNITY: As our Financial Analyst, you will provide support to the Financial Planning team in putting together comprehensive financial plans and reviews. Contact clients and their advisors for required information needed for the reviews. Use your detailed-oriented skills to crunch numbers with updated information. Follow up on recommendations to clients to make sure they are completed. Produce high quality, detailed work by following set procedures and guidelines. Your high level of confidentiality and professionalism along with personal accountability will make you an invaluable member of our team. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Complete comprehensive personal and business financial plans and recommendations with an emphasis on detail and precision. Complete regular client reviews including recommendations for change (average 6/wk). Follow up with clients to make sure recommendations from plans and reviews are completed. Input client data into planning software. Conduct research projects as needed. Attend client reviews and planning meetings and help with presentations. Complete one CFP course every 6 months and pass the CFP exam with 5 years of hire. Complete software training for Albridge, Morningstar, EOE, NetExchange, IAS, VEO and Lumen. SUCCESS FACTORS: Minimum 5 years of professional business experience, preferably in financial planning or numbers-oriented fields such as financial services, accounting, banking, or tax. Bachelors degree is preferred. Previous use of financial planning software or experience with Lumen Systems is a plus! Excellent organization and planning skills with the ability to prioritize and handle multiple projects. Loves working with numbers & calculations with a high degree of accuracy. Communicates effectively with external and internal professionals. Proficient in Microsoft Windows, Word, Access, Excel, and Adobe Acrobat. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS: Wealth Strategies Group will reward your experience and talents with an attractive salary of $5070k depending on experience level. You will also receive a benefit package that includes a 401(k) retirement plan and vacation time. APPLY NOW: If you are a detailed professional who executes well within procedural guidelines, we encourage you to apply online now! To learn more about Wealth Strategies Group, please visit: http://wsgmd.com/ Wealth Strategies Group requests that all candidate communication and resumes be directed to Safari Solutions. Tammy Prehoda, HR Consultant Safari Solutions search19@safarisolutions.com Keywords: analyst, registered paraplanner, CFP, FINRA, client services, administrative assistant, office assistant, business manager, administrator, project manager, project management, estate, investment, retirement, accounting, financing, banking, professional services, operations manager, accountant, CPA, staff accountant, accountant, financial planner\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Morningstar, Inc. was 77.51045227050781 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Morningstar, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "73.21900939941406",
 "date": "2015-08-21",
 "ticker": "MORN",
 "company": "Morningstar, Inc."
}