{
 "context": "The following article called 'Newell Rubbermaid Plans to Relocate Headquarters - Analyst Blog' was published on 2015-07-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done \nNewell Rubbermaid Inc. NWL announced plans to relocate its corporate headquarters to a newly acquired building at 6655 Peachtree Dunwoody Road in Atlanta, GA. Currently, the company\u2019s headquarters is located at 3 Glenlake Parkway in Atlanta. The repositioning is anticipated to take place in early 2016.The new head office, which will be designed by global architecture and design firm Perkins + Will, is expected to be more tech-friendly, productive and mobile. This shift is likely to help transform the Newell into a brand-centric and innovative company poised for swift growth and enhanced profits.We note that Newell has a strong portfolio of well-established brands, such as Sharpie, Paper Mate, Dymo, Expo, Waterman, Parker, Irwin, Lenox, Rubbermaid, Levolor, Graco, Calphalon and Goody. The strength of its portfolio is likely to take this Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) company forward despite economic headwinds.Apart from this, the company has been trying to reduce its expenses through its Project Renewal Program. Newell Rubbermaid expects annualized cost savings of about $620 million to $675 million from the program by 2017-end. The company intends to utilize a major portion of these savings to accelerate growth.Concurrently, the company is trying to further boost its portfolio by investing in the key segments, reducing activities with marginal profitability and pursuing acquisitions. We expect these steps to help the company to be more profitable in the long run.Moreover, Newell, which shares space with Kimberly-Clark Corp. KMB and CVSL Inc. CVSL, boasts of a strong balance sheet that offers it the financial flexibility to enhance shareholder returns and drive future development through value-added investments aimed at accelerating growth and expanding margins. The company\u2019s commitment toward enhancing shareholder value is reflected in its robust dividend payment history and share repurchase programs.All the aforementioned factors underscore Newell\u2019s growth prospects, instilling confidence in investors. Zacks Rank A stock worth considering in the broader consumer staples sector is The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. EL, carrying a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Newell Rubbermaid Inc. was 33.24068069458008 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Newell Rubbermaid Inc. was ",
 "expected": "32.92372131347656",
 "date": "2015-07-23",
 "ticker": "NWL",
 "company": "Newell Rubbermaid Inc."
}