{
 "context": "The following article called 'Delaney Named to Lead Goodyear's Asia Pacific Business' was published on 2015-08-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nDelaney Named to Lead Goodyear's Asia Pacific Business The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company 18 minutes ago \ue071 Content preferences Done \nAKRON, Ohio, Aug. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company ( GT ) today announced that Chris Delaney has been named president-elect of its Asia Pacific business unit. He will join the company on August 24, 2015 and assume full responsibility for the business on January 1, 2016. View photo . \nDaniel L. Smytka, president of the company's Asia Pacific business since 2011, will work closely with Delaney on the transition before moving to another leadership role reporting to Goodyear Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard J. Kramer. \nDelaney comes to Goodyear with more than 30 years of global leadership experience in Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and the Middle East. For the past four years, he was the CEO of Goodman Fielder Limited, the largest public food company in Australia and New Zealand. \n\"We are pleased to welcome Chris to Goodyear in this important role,\" said Kramer. \"He is a proven leader who has spent extensive time in the Asia Pacific region during his career and joins us at a critical time as we drive for growth amid challenging economic conditions in the region.\" \nDelaney's career includes 20 years in positions of increasing responsibility at The Procter & Gamble Company. He worked in sales and business development in both North America and Europe before becoming vice president and general manager, first in the Middle East and then in North America. Delaney then spent seven years at Campbell Soup Company, first leading international sales before becoming president, emerging markets and later president, Asia Pacific. \nA native of Huntington, N.Y., Delaney is a graduate of Trinity College in Hartford, Conn., where he earned his bachelor's degree in history. \nSmytka has played key roles in Goodyear's Asia Pacific business since joining the company in 2008. As the head of the consumer tire business, he led the introductions of award-winning new products, increased brand value and oversaw the expansion of Goodyear's retail presence in the region, especially China. He was named Asia Pacific region president in November 2011 after serving as project leader overseeing construction and start-up of the company's new, state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in Pulandian, China. Smytka also launched Goodyear China's entry in the commercial truck tire segment and played a pivotal role in establishing a new China Development Center to enhance the company's service with vehicle manufacturers there. \n\"I would like to thank Dan for his leadership and his contributions to our success in the Asia Pacific region for the past seven years,\" said Kramer. \"He deserves much of the credit for our performance in the region since 2008. Dan is a valued member of my leadership team, and I look forward to his continued contributions.\" \nGoodyear is one of the world's largest tire companies. It employs approximately 67,000 people and manufactures its products in 50 facilities in 22 countries around the world. Its two Innovation Centers in Akron, Ohio and Colmar-Berg, Luxembourg strive to develop state-of-the-art products and services that set the technology and performance standard for the industry. For more information about Goodyear or its products, go to www.goodyear.com/corporate . To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/delaney-named-to-lead-goodyears-asia-pacific-business-300131708.html Consumer Discretionary\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company was 28.24087142944336 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company was ",
 "expected": "25.47482681274414",
 "date": "2015-08-21",
 "ticker": "GT",
 "company": "The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company"
}