{
 "context": "The following article called 'EU to support growth of SMEs in three selected regions' was published on 2015-10-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  7 October 2015 23:00 CET EU to support growth of SMEs in three selected regions By GNA \nKumasi, Oct. 07, GNA - The European Union (EU) has signaled support for the implementation of an industrial symbiosis and environmental management project to grow small and medium scale enterprises (SMEs) across three selected regions - Greater Accra, Ashanti and Western. \nThe project, funded through the EU Africa Green Initiative Programme, is meant to enhance the sustainability of the SMEs by encouraging the re-use of by-products of other companies. \nIt would additionally promote efficient environmental management systems among local businesses in the country. \nA press release issued and signed by Mr. Fosu Yeboah, the Ashanti Regional Executive Secretary of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said the three-year project would be officially launched in Kumasi, next week. \nThe implementation starts this year, and would be jointly spearheaded by the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Industrial Symbiosis Limited of the UK, and other local associates. \nThe release said its other highpoint is that it would assist to raise local businesses to international standards in terms of the incorporation of integrated waste management techniques in their processes. \nThe expectation is that by the end of the project period, beneficiary companies would divert substantial amount of waste from landfills, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and prevent or reduce hazardous waste generation. \nThis way, they would make savings and increase their incomes for additional investments in production and consumption. \nThe release said a Secretariat for the Industrial Symbiosis had been set up the Kumasi Regional Chamber of Commerce and Industry. \nLocal SMEs within the three regions would benefit from reduced cost of materials, waste disposal, efficient resource management, and uptake of innovative waste management technologies. \nIt invited interested companies to contact the secretariat for assistance and participation in the programme. \nGNA Business & Finance Follow Us Life is like riding a bicycle, in order to maintain your balance you have to keep moving forward. By: Edward Ofori (Simple\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was 27.685894012451172 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was ",
 "expected": "28.214801788330078",
 "date": "2015-10-08",
 "ticker": "DB",
 "company": "Deutsche Bank AG"
}