{
 "context": "The following article called 'Jill Sutton Joins GM as Corporate Secretary, Deputy General Counsel' was published on 2015-07-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nJill Sutton Joins GM as Corporate Secretary, Deputy General Counsel Thu, Jul 16 2015 \nDETROIT - General Motors Co. (NYSE: GM) announced today that it has appointed Jill Sutton as Corporate Secretary and Deputy General Counsel for Corporate, Finance and Strategic Transactions, effective immediately. Sutton will report to Craig Glidden, executive vice president and general counsel. \nPrior to joining GM, Sutton, 43, was executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary of Tim Hortons, Inc., now part of Restaurant Brands International Inc., one of the world's largest quick-service restaurant companies. \n\"Jill is a highly accomplished executive, having served as the general counsel and corporate secretary of a publicly traded company, and she has helped lead significant corporate transactions, including the Tim Hortons IPO and its eventual sale to Burger King,\" said Glidden. \nPrior to joining Tim Hortons, Sutton was corporate counsel at Wendy's International, Inc. and practiced corporate and health care law for Squire Sanders LLP and Eastman & Smith Ltd. Sutton holds a Juris Doctor degree, a Master of Health Administration degree, and a Bachelor of Arts degree, all from The Ohio State University. In addition to being licensed to practice law in the U.S., Jill is admitted to the bar in Canada as a barrister and solicitor. \nGeneral Motors Co. (NYSE:GM, TSX: GMM) and its partners produce vehicles in 30 countries, and the company has leadership positions in the world's largest and fastest-growing automotive markets. GM, its subsidiaries and joint venture entities sell vehicles under the Chevrolet, Cadillac, Baojun, Buick, GMC, Holden, Jiefang, Opel, Vauxhall and Wuling brands. More information on the company and its subsidiaries, including OnStar, a global leader in vehicle safety, security and information services, can be found at http://www.gm.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was 25.619876861572266 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was ",
 "expected": "24.984067916870117",
 "date": "2015-07-16",
 "ticker": "GM",
 "company": "General Motors Company"
}