{
 "context": "The following article called 'Zimbabwe: Chidyausiku Ruling - NRZ Fires 1 500 Workers' was published on 2015-08-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nZimbabwe: Hollywood Boy Comes Home \n\"We understand the aims to fire between 1000 and 1 500 workers from different departments. \nSome of the worst affected departments include the library and the train inspectorate as most of the staff in these departments have been issued with dismissal letters,\" said NRZ employee in an interview. \nA letter seen this publication, confirms the parastatal's decision to reduce its workforce which has endured close to a year without salaries. \n\"We advise that the National Railways of Zimbabwe has decided to and hereby terminates your contract of employment on three month's notice. \n\"The notice period shall take effect from the day immediately following that of your receipt or delivery of this letter at your residential address as indicated in our records,\" read part of the letter. \nThe letter continues: \"You are not required to perform any of your contractual duties during the notice period, save that at the discretion of the National Railways of Zimbabwe you may be required to hand over or provide information relating to your responsibilities. \n\"Your pay in lieu of notice shall be deposited into your bank account in the usual manner at the end of each of the notice months. Any other amounts owed to you by the organisation shall be paid to you in accordance with the current practice.\" \nManagement also ordered the fired workers to surrender all property belonging to the parastatal in their possession. \n\"You are required to immediately return all property belonging to the National Railways of Zimbabwe which may be in your possession. \nMedical and identity cards should be returned immediately upon the expiration of the notice period. The replacement of any items not returned will be to your account,\" read the letter. \nNRZ Public Relations Manager Fanuel Masikati said he needed more time before he could comment on the issue. \nAt its peak the NRZ employed about 25 000 people but the number has dwindled to around 7 000. \nTransport Minister Obert Mpofu told a business meeting in Harare last year that he had blocked a request by the parastatal's board to fire 6 000 workers and remain with about 1000 employees. \nMore state departments are expected to follow the NRZ move soon and before anything is done about the massive job cuts. \nMugabe promised that government will soon amend the law. Zimbabwe \nMotorists will pay at least 15 cents in urban toll fees when the exercise is implemented, compared to $2 that private \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 New Zimbabwe. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of New Residential Investment Corp. was 7.677164554595947 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of New Residential Investment Corp. was ",
 "expected": "7.593983173370361",
 "date": "2015-08-01",
 "ticker": "NRZ",
 "company": "New Residential Investment Corp."
}