{
 "context": "The following article called 'Irish privacy regulator concedes must investigate Facebook data' was published on 2015-10-20. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nTue, Oct 20, 2015, 6:51 PM SGT - Singapore Markets closed Irish privacy regulator concedes must investigate Facebook data Reuters \u2013 33 minutes ago View Photo \nA 3D-printed Facebook logo is seen in front of the logo of the European Union in this picture illustration made in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina on May \u2026 \nDUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland's privacy regulator conceded on Tuesday that it should investigate Facebook Inc's transfers of data to the United States following a legal challenge mounted by an Austrian law student against its initial refusal to do so. \nMax Schrems challenged the transfers of European users' data after revelations in 2013 of the U.S. government's Prism program, which allowed U.S. authorities to harvest private information directly. He filed his complaint in Ireland because Facebook has its European headquarters in Dublin. \nAn Irish High Court judge last year referred the complaint to the European Union's highest court, asking if national authorities could suspend data transfers if they concluded that privacy safeguards in the destination country were not sufficient. \nThe European Court of Justice (ECJ) responded two weeks ago, delivering a landmark ruling that declared invalid a system used by thousands of U.S. and European companies to transfer personal data to the United States, because of insufficient privacy protection there. \n\"We are consenting to the application that the decision be quashed,\" Paul Anthony McDermott, lawyer for the Irish Data Protection Commissioner (DPC) told the High Court in Dublin. \nFacebook said it would \"constructively engage\" with any investigation. \n(Reporting by Conor Humphries; editing by Padraic Halpin and Jason Neely)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 98.47000122070312 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "97.11000061035156",
 "date": "2015-10-20",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}