{
 "context": "The following article called 'DU PONT (E I) DE NEMOURS (NYSE) Earnings Report: Q2 2015 Conference Call Transcript' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMORE ${tickerInfo.symbol} NEWS (Operator Instructions) Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I would now turn the call over to Greg Friedman, Vice President of Investor Relations. Greg, you may begin. Greg Friedman (VP - IR): Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining us to cover DuPont's second quarter 2015 performance. Joining me are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO. The slides for today's presentation and corresponding segment commentary can be found on our website, along with our news release. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. I direct you to slide 1 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, and request that you review the reconciliation to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and today's slides posted on our website. For today's agenda, Ellen will provide opening remarks and speak briefly about our results for the quarter. Nick will review our second quarter financial performance, as well as our outlook for 2015. I will provide business segment insight, and Ellen will provide concluding remarks, followed by your questions. With that introduction, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen. Ellen Kullman (Chairman, CEO): Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. This is our first earnings call since we completed the separation of our Performance Chemicals segment on July 1. That business is now officially a separate entity known as the Chemours Company, and we've crossed a key threshold to become the next generation DuPont . Separating Chemours has been an essential and perhaps the most visible step in our ongoing transformation to a higher-growth, higher-value company with a more stable and consistent earnings profile. This profile is evident already in the results delivered by the ongoing post-spin businesses over the past six years. As you know, this quarter also felt the continued impact of challenging industry-wide conditions in agricultural markets, and ongoing currency headwinds. As we look ahead, our priorities are clear. First, we will continue to drive productivity and reduce costs, as we enhance efficiency and simplification. Second, by pairing our streamline infrastructure with our innovation, science, and applications expertise, I'm confident we can accelerate sales and margin growth, and extend or build leadership positions in attractive markets that benefit from long-term macro trends. And third, we'll maintain our disciplined approach to capital allocation to deliver value to shareholders. Our successful execution of these priorities will make us even stronger, better able to withstand the kind of macro and industry challenges we currently face. Nick will now walk us through the specifics on our financial details for the quarter. And then I'll come back to expand on these priorities, while previewing our strategy for the remainder of 2015 and the long term. Nick? Nick Fanandakis (EVP, CFO): Thank you, Ellen. Let's start with the details of the second quarter on slide 2. Operating earnings per share were $1.18 versus $1.17 in the prior year. Performance Chemicals segment operating earnings were down $0.11 from the prior year, reflecting continued challenges in the TiO2 market, which contributed to the lowest earnings performance for this segment since the global financial crisis. Currency continued to be a significant headwind in the quarter, impacting operating earnings by $0.17 per share, of which $0.03 per share is included in Performance Chemicals results. 1 of 12\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of DuPont de Nemours, Inc. was 56.50835418701172 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of DuPont de Nemours, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "57.441078186035156",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "DD",
 "company": "DuPont de Nemours, Inc."
}