{
 "context": "The following article called 'SmartMetric, Building on Its Miniaturized Biometric Fingerprint Scanner Technology Built Inside Credit and Debit Cards, Is Now Developing a Contactless Payments Card That Has Its NFC Radio Transmission Turned On Only After a Fingerprint Match of the Card Holder, on the Card' was published on 2015-07-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSOURCE: SmartMetric, Inc. July 14, 2015 13:53 ET SmartMetric, Building on Its Miniaturized Biometric Fingerprint Scanner Technology Built Inside Credit and Debit Cards, Is Now Developing a Contactless Payments Card That Has Its NFC Radio Transmission Turned On Only After a Fingerprint Match of the Card Holder, on the Card \nNEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Jul 14, 2015) - SmartMetric, Inc. ( OTCQB : SMME ): SmartMetric, the creator and developer of the biometric fingerprint activated credit and debit cards, is now developing a contactless credit card that uses NFC radio frequency that is turned on only after a card holder's fingerprint has been scanned and matched using the card's built-in fingerprint scanner. \nUsing the power of biometrics in a discreet and powerful way inside credit and debit cards provides a far greater level of security. SmartMetric is leading the fight in the ongoing war against payment card fraud and identity theft with its advanced in the card miniaturised fingerprint scanning technology said today, SmartMetric's President & CEO, Chaya Hendrick. \nTo view a video of the SmartMetric biometric chip card follow this link: SmartMetric Biometric Payments Card https://youtu.be/zSX59uHoHqU \nTo view the company website: www.smartmetric.com \nSafe Harbor Statement Certain of the above statements contained in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements are within the meaning of that term in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Contact Information\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was 25.421445846557617 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was ",
 "expected": "24.83407211303711",
 "date": "2015-07-14",
 "ticker": "AA",
 "company": "Alcoa Inc."
}