{
 "context": "The following article called 'Federal - Financial Planning & Analysis Specialist at Accenture (Arlington, VA)' was published on 2015-08-26. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSource: PharmaDiversityJobBoard.com Organization: Accenture Federal Services Location:Arlington, VA Accenture Federal Services, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accenture, helps U.S. federal agencies build the government of the future.With 4,000 dedicated US employees, Accenture Federal Services is uniquely positioned to support federal agencies in shattering the status quo, achieving profound efficiencies and relentlessly delivering results.Accenture Federal Services is a long-time and trusted resource for the federal community. Every cabinet level agency in the United States-and 20 of the country's largest federal government agencies-have worked with Accenture Federal Services to achieve outcomes and move toward high performance.Join us and you can help our federal clients achieve what matters most, powering the services that touch the nation every day. The candidate would support the FP&A function within AFS.Key responsibilities include supporting planning, forecasting and analytics responsibilities of FP&A team, and include creating and owning preparing materials for planning, forecasting and financial analytics/modeling.Additional responsibilities include creating training and communications for internal use within Finance, overseeing work of 1 analyst and performing limited team PMO and operations functions. This position supports the executive leadership of AFS (CFO, COO, and CEO) and reports to the CFO. Basic Qualifications: * Bachelors degree in Finance or Accounting * 3 years of finance experience, including 1 year of Government contracting experience * 6 months of supervisory experience * US Citizenship Additional Preferred Skills and Qualifications: * Advanced Excel and Powerpoint Skills * Costpoint, Cognos Reporting, TM1 An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status). Accenture is a federal contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job: Finance Organization: Corporate Function Job Level: Non-supervisory\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Putnam Municipal Opportunities Trust was 8.387812614440918 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Putnam Municipal Opportunities Trust was ",
 "expected": "8.316608428955078",
 "date": "2015-08-26",
 "ticker": "PMO",
 "company": "Putnam Municipal Opportunities Trust"
}