{
 "context": "The following article called 'Linear Investments Taps Norman Hartmann as CTO, European Head' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nLinear Investments Taps Norman Hartmann as CTO, European Head Linear Investments Taps Norman Hartmann as CTO, European Head Leading the new operations in Germany will be Norman Hartmann, Linear\u2019s newest Chief Technology Officer and head of the European office Advertising Print This Post \nLinear Investments has christened its first European office, located in Hamburg, Germany \u2013 the new office will help cater to Linear\u2019s expanding European customer base with local support, according to a Linear statement. \nLeading the new operations in Germany will be Norman Hartmann, Linear\u2019s newest Chief Technology Officer (CTO) and head of the European office. The UK boutique prime broker and hedge fund platform will also be strengthening its European base through offering local support for its suite of services, including execution through to Prime Brokerage, custody and settlement. \nPrior to the appointment, Mr. Hartmann served as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at AQX Securities GmbH. He has also worked as a Co-Manager of the Pharos Strategy at Aquila Capital dating back to March 2006. \nAccording to Paul Kelly, CEO, Linear Investments, in a recent statement on the appointment, \u201cNorman brings a wealth of technical experience in brokerage services platforms, having built the infrastructure at both Aquila Capital and AQX Securities.\u201d \n\u201cI am confident that under Norman\u2019s guidance, Linear will continue to enhance its technology infrastructure and provide even greater efficiencies to its clients in all aspects of the services we provide. Providing the very best service to our clients is paramount to our business and we are investing across all areas of the business to ensure our high-level of client service is maintained as our client base grows,\u201d he noted. \n\u201cI am relishing the opportunity to further build upon the already impressive technology infrastructure that exists at Linear. My initial task will be to successfully oversee a range of new middle and back office infrastructure enhancements that will provide Linear\u2019s agency and prime brokerage clients with a first-class technology experience across our services. As Head of Linear\u2019s German branch, I\u2019m personally looking forward to working with the larger team and helping Linear extend its local presence into continental Europe,\u201d added Mr. Hartmann in an accompanying statement. \nLast week, Linear Investments closed a deal with AQX Securities , whereby acquiring its execution business and assets from Aquila Group. Linear Investments provides wealth management and investment services to clients worldwide. Its comprehensive suite of services includes hedge funds, seed funding, prime brokerage and execution, among others. Got a news tip? Let Us Know FOUND A MISTAKE\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Consolidated-Tomoka Land Co. was 39.91700744628906 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Consolidated-Tomoka Land Co. was ",
 "expected": "40.097938537597656",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "CTO",
 "company": "Consolidated-Tomoka Land Co."
}