{
 "context": "The following article called 'India firm to build 400 megawatts power station' was published on 2015-07-07. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  7 July 2015 14:01 CET India firm to build 400 megawatts power station By GNA \nBharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), one of India's largest engineering and manufacturing firm is to build a 400 Megawatts capacity power station in the country estimated at $ 400 million. \nAccra, July 6, GNA - Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), one of India's largest engineering and manufacturing firm is to build a 400 Megawatts capacity power station in the country estimated at $ 400 million. \nA memorandum of understanding was signed on behalf The Sol Group Limited, a United Kingdom (UK) based Development Company and Joni Sukumaran also of UK by Mr Peter Osei-Tutu of who is a Group Managing Director for Ghana and Mr Sanjay Garg, Deputy General Manager at BHEL on behalf of the Indian company. \nA statement issued in Accra and copied to Ghana News Agency by Mr Osei-Tutu said The Sol Group has previously obtained an invitation to submit a proposal from the Ministry of Power in Accra. \nMr Osei-Tutu noted that the Group is determined to help solve Ghana's acute need to build more power stations and resolve the pressing energy supply problem. \n'We are determined to help return the nation to better economic growth,' he said. \nHe explained that after considering all options, The Sol Group chose to commission BHEL as the contractor for the project. \n'BHEL has a proven excellent track record of on-budget and on-time delivery since 1964 both in India and around the world, especially in Africa,' he said. \nMr Garg, BHEL Deputy General Manager on behalf of the Indian company said that he was very confident of a successful venture in Ghana. \nMr Iddrisu Tahiru, Political and Economic Counsellor at the High Commission of Ghana in New Delhi, who witnessed the signing ceremony said: 'Foreign investment in Ghana's energy sector is very welcoming news to Ghanaians. \n'We at the Ghana High Commission are very familiar with BHEL and happy for them to be involved in this project,' he said. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was 157.03536987304688 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was ",
 "expected": "147.59715270996094",
 "date": "2015-07-07",
 "ticker": "CI",
 "company": "Cigna Corporation"
}