{
 "context": "The following article called 'GM Named to Dow Jones Sustainability Index' was published on 2015-09-11. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nGM Named to Dow Jones Sustainability Index Fri, Sep 11 2015 \nDETROIT - General Motors has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, the leading global benchmark for corporate sustainability. GM is the only automaker to make the list in North America. \nLaunched in 1999, the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices annually assess companies for environmental, economic and social sustainability performance and disclosure. The sustainability investment firm RobecoSAM identifies companies best equipped for long-term success measured against sustainability risks and opportunities. \nMore than 1,800 global companies were analyzed this year. GM received top scores in climate strategy and operational eco-efficiency, and a perfect score in environmental policy and management. \n\"We're on a mission to transform transportation, from designing more efficient vehicles to redefining how they're built to reduce environmental impact,\" said Greg Martin, executive director of Global Public Policy. \"These efforts allow us to deliver top-line vehicles to customers and bottom-line benefits to investors.\" \nGM generated $2.5 billion in revenue through various recycling activities from 2007 to 2010 and now counts about $1 billion in byproduct reuse and recycling revenue annually. The company has saved more than $196 million in energy costs through the voluntary energy-reduction challenge set by the U.S. EPA and $70 million in renewable energy investments. \nEarlier this year, GM earned 2015 ENERGY STAR\u00ae Partner of the Year award for Sustained Excellence, the highest recognition a corporation can receive from the Environmental Protection Agency for superior energy efficiency. \nIn July, GM joined a dozen other companies to launch the White House's American Business Act on Climate Pledge , a commitment to address climate change through $140 billion in new low-carbon investments and more than 1,600 megawatts of new renewable energy collectively. \nFor more information on GM's environmental commitment , visit its sustainability report and environmental blog . \nGeneral Motors Co. (NYSE:GM, TSX: GMM) and its partners produce vehicles in 30 countries, and the company has leadership positions in the world's largest and fastest-growing automotive markets. GM, its subsidiaries and joint venture entities sell vehicles under the Chevrolet, Cadillac, Baojun, Buick, GMC, Holden, Jiefang, Opel, Vauxhall and Wuling brands. More information on the company and its subsidiaries, including OnStar, a global leader in vehicle safety, security and information services, can be found at http://www.gm.com.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was 24.755098342895508 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was ",
 "expected": "25.34921646118164",
 "date": "2015-09-11",
 "ticker": "GM",
 "company": "General Motors Company"
}