{
 "context": "The following article called 'AVEO Up on Novartis Collaboration for Cachexia Candidate' was published on 2015-08-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nAVEO Up on Novartis Collaboration for Cachexia Candidate By Zacks Equity Research 14 hours ago \ue071 Content preferences Done AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. AVEO announced that it has entered into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement with Novartis NVS for the development and commercialization of its candidate AV-380, a first-in-class, potent, humanized inhibitory antibody targeting growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF15) and related antibodies including modified or derivative forms of any such antibody. AVEO was up 45.3% on the news.As per the terms of the agreement, AVEO will receive an upfront payment of $15 million and will be eligible to receive reimbursement, clinical, sales and regulatory-based milestone payments totaling $311 million depending on the successful advancement of the candidate. AVEO will get tiered royalties ranging from high single digit to a low double digit on product sales. Novartis will undertake all responsibility for clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization activities and costs associated with the candidate.AV-380 is being developed as a potential treatment for cachexia associated with other indications such as cancer, chronic kidney disease, congestive heart failure and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.We note that AVEO was evaluating partnership opportunities to develop AV-380 for quite some time now. Securing Novartis as a partner for AV-380 is a huge positive for the company.AVEO carries a Zack Rank #3 (Hold). A couple of favorably ranked stocks in the health care sector are Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. VRX and Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. INFI. While Valeant carries a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), Infinity Pharma holds a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was 17.0 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "15.399999618530273",
 "date": "2015-08-18",
 "ticker": "AVEO",
 "company": "AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc."
}