{
 "context": "The following article called 'Vauxhall Zafiras to be recalled after cars turned to terrifying fireballs' was published on 2015-10-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFacebook/ Vauxhall Zafira car fires There have ben more than 100 reports of fires Facebook / Vauxhall Zafira car fires Cars have been left completely burned out by fires \nDrivers have posted pictures of the cars on fire to social media sites and said it's only a matter of time before someone becomes hurt. One car reportedly caught fire while in a petrol station, with the petrified driver moving the car out of the area to avoid a disaster scenario. Three mothers started a Facebook group in order to try to ascertain the scale of the problem after their cars caught fire. Sue Freemantle, from Devon, was in her 2007 Vauxhall Zafira with four children when it started smoking before bursting into flames. She said: \"We thought it was going to explode.\"We've been absolutely crippled by this, we have to pay an excess on our car insurance because they only offered us \u00a3100 for the goods inside our car and we had a buggy worth \u00a3200 and a tablet worth \u00a3200 in there.\" Facebook / Zafira car fires Driver shave been forced to pull over to escape fires Facebook/ Zafira car fires Sue Freemantle's car was left a burned out wreck after it caught fire \nThe manufacturer is now urgently investigating the cause of the problem before issuing a recall. The problem could have been caused by the heating fan, pollen filter and resistor in cars that have repaired through a non-Vauxhaull approved component, according to Denis Chick, Vauxhall's director of communications.But he added that the firm won't know how many are at risk until further inquiries are made. He said: \"There will be a recall when we get a root cause.\" Until then concerned owners are advised to book an appointment with their local Vauxhall dealer for a free inspection and the resistor will be replaced without charge. Related articles\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 99.66999816894531 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "103.7699966430664",
 "date": "2015-10-23",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}