{
 "context": "The following article called 'First Trust Nasdaq CEA Cybersecurity ETF Launches on The Nasdaq Stock Market' was published on 2015-07-07. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFirst Trust Nasdaq CEA Cybersecurity ETF Launches on The Nasdaq Stock Market New ETF Tracks the Nasdaq CEA Cybersecurity Index(SM) July 07, 2015 09:00 ET | Source: The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. \nNEW YORK, July 7, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ ) announced today that First Trust will list one new exchange-traded fund (ETF), the First Trust Nasdaq CEA Cybersecurity ETF (Symbol: CIBR), today, July 7, 2015 on The Nasdaq Stock Market \u00ae . The ETF, which is based off of the Nasdaq CEA Cybersecurity Index SM , is designed to track the performance of companies engaged in the cybersecurity segment of the technology and industrials sectors. It includes companies primarily involved in the building, implementation, and management of security protocols applied to private and public networks, computers, and mobile devices in order to provide protection of the integrity of data and network operations. \n\"Along with the clear benefits of an increasingly interconnected world comes the growing need to ensure the security of cyberspace. This presents significant opportunities for companies involved with this task, many of which are not represented in traditional index ETFs,\" said Ryan Issakainen, CFA, Senior Vice President and ETF Strategist at First Trust. \"We believe this ETF provides a diversified, efficient way for investors to gain exposure to this important theme.\" \nCIBR seeks investment results that correspond generally to the price and yield (before the fund's fees and expenses) of the Nasdaq CEA Cybersecurity Index SM (NQCYBR). The Fund will normally invest at least 90% of its net assets (including investment borrowings) in common stocks or in depositary receipts that comprise the Index. The Fund, using an indexing investment approach, attempts to replicate, before fees and expenses, the performance of the Index. \n\"We are delighted to support another listing and product launch from First Trust,\" said Jeff McCarthy, Vice President and Head of ETP Listings at Nasdaq. \"We value our partnership with First Trust and their continued confidence in Nasdaq as a primary listing and trading facility for ETFs. Nasdaq continues to work across our organization to offer solutions to exchange-traded products across listing, trading, index and data.\" \nNasdaq operates an efficient platform for successfully introducing a product suite into one of the single largest pools of liquidity, including market participants that represent a full spectrum of investors. ETF issuers benefit from an end-to-end solution that provides ongoing product support including index licensing, listings opportunities, data offerings and trading services. As the home to some of the world's most innovative ventures, Nasdaq generates opportunities for issuers to access new markets and deliver new concepts that change the way the industry develops, manages and applies ETFs. \nAbout First Trust: \nFirst Trust Advisors L.P., along with its affiliate First Trust Portfolios L.P., are privately held companies which provide a variety of investment services, including asset management and financial advisory services, with collective assets under management or supervision of approximately $119 billion as of May 31, 2015 through unit investment trusts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, mutual funds and separate managed accounts. First Trust is based in Wheaton, Illinois. For more information, visit http://www.ftportfolios.com . \nAbout Nasdaq: \nNasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ ) is a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services across six continents. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 70 marketplaces in 50 countries, and 1 in 10 of the world's securities transactions. Nasdaq is home to more than 3,500 listed companies with a market value of approximately $9.5 trillion and more than 10,000 corporate clients. To learn more, visit: nasdaq.com/ambition or business.nasdaq.com . \nCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements \nThe matters described herein contain forward-looking statements that are made under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about Nasdaq and its products and offerings. We caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other factors beyond Nasdaq's control. These factors include, but are not limited to factors detailed in Nasdaq's annual report on Form 10-K, and periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to release any revisions to any forward-looking statements. \nNasdaq \u00ae is a registered trademark of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. (which with its affiliates and subsidiaries is collectively referred to as Nasdaq) and is licensed for use with the First Trust Nasdaq CEA Cybersecurity ETF by First Trust Advisors L.P. The ETF has not been passed on by Nasdaq as to its legality or suitability, and the ETF is not issued, endorsed or sold by Nasdaq. Nasdaq makes no warranties and bears no liability with respect to the ETF. \nNothing contained herein should be construed as investment advice from Nasdaq, either on behalf of a particular financial product or an overall investment strategy. Nasdaq makes no recommendation to buy or sell any financial product or any representation about the financial condition of any company or fund. Investors should undertake their own due diligence and carefully evaluate financial products before investing. ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED \nNDAQG First Trust Media Contact: Ryan Issakainen +1 (630) 765-8689 Nasdaq Media Contact: Alexa Sugrue +1 (212) 231-5552 (office) +1 (646) 577-3157 (mobile) Related Articles\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. was 43.503509521484375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "42.700523376464844",
 "date": "2015-07-07",
 "ticker": "NDAQ",
 "company": "The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc."
}