{
 "context": "The following article called 'Financial Analyst at Robert Half Finance & Accounting (Englewood, CO)' was published on 2015-07-10. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClassification: Financial Analyst Compensation: $58,000.00 to $65,000.00 per year Robert Half Finance and Accounting has partner with an amazing growing franchisee that is located in the highly desired Denver Tech Center. Our client is looking to add a financial Analyst to support the sales and accounting departments. If you meet the minimum requirements listed below please email a copy of your resume and salary requirement to michael.kersten@roberthalf.com so you dont miss out on this wonderful opportunity. Summary Responsible for providing business performance analysis, reporting, forecasting, and budgeting. Provides a variety of subscriber data; maintains and updates forecast models and plans. Provides analysis and projections to all levels within the organization in support of functional business objectives. Has in-depth experience, knowledge and skills in own discipline. Usually determines own work priorities. Acts as resource for colleagues throughout regions, division, and HQ functions. Job Title: Financial Analyst, Intermediate Position Summary: This position is responsible for preparation of internal financial statements, budgeting, forecasts, account analysis, and general and specific project analysis. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Prepare and analyze monthly internal financial reports Assist departmental personnel with budget and forecast activity Continuous improvement of data collection, analytical processes and procedures Development of solid understanding of accounting/finance, budgeting, forecasting and variance analysis Assist with special projects and ad-hoc analysis Adhere to all company policies and procedures Perform other duties as assigned General Accounting knowledge Minimum Qualifications: Education/Licensing/Certification: Bachelor of Science in Finance, Accounting Retail or Restaurant experience preferred, but not required Experience: 2-3 years of detail oriented experience in both accounting and analysis is required. Ideal candidate has accounting background that is looking to make switch to finance Knowledge and Skills: Strong organization, analytical, and problem solving skills. Effective oral and written communication and interpersonal skills. Knowledge of Excel, Word and ERP systems is required. Strong statistical background with experience in financial projections. Ability to work with others in a high volume, fast paced environment.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Apogee Enterprises, Inc. was 44.86559295654297 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Apogee Enterprises, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "47.030147552490234",
 "date": "2015-07-10",
 "ticker": "APOG",
 "company": "Apogee Enterprises, Inc."
}