{
 "context": "The following article called 'Fed may have just gotten a red light for rate hike' was published on 2015-08-19. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFed may have just gotten a red light for rate hike By Jeff Cox 2 hours ago \ue071 . View photo Kevin Lamarque | Reuters. The Federal Reserve got a little more breathing room Wednesday from the push \u2026 \nThe Federal Reserve got a little more breathing room Wednesday from the push to raise interest rates in September. \nA widely followed inflation gauge-though not the Fed 's favorite one-showed that outside of rising rents, there was little price pressure in the marketplace. The consumer price index rose just 0.1 percent in July. Even excluding food and energy prices, the CPI was only up the same 0.1 percent. \nOn an annualized basis, the index rose just 1.8 percent, which is below the Fed's current 2 percent inflation target. \nTumbling energy prices are the root of the CPI's weak performance, with the overall sector down 14.8 percent over the 12-month period, though up 0.1 percent for the month. One of the the more notable increases came from rent, which rose 0.3 percent in July and 3.6 percent for the year. Airfares plunged 5.6 percent, the most in 20 years, and fuel oil fell 3.4 percent in July. \nViewed together, the data take still more of the steam out of an argument for the Fed to raise rates in September for the first time in more than nine years. \n\"A weaker-than-expected rise in consumer prices at the start of Q3 further fuels the dovish argument for the Fed to remain on the sideline, delaying liftoff beyond the September FOMC meeting,\" Lindsey Piegza, chief economist at Stifel Fixed Income, said in a note. \"Since the end of 2012, every Fed communication has continued to acknowledge the substandard level of inflation which continues to persist. Thus, at this point, raising rates with inflation so far below the Fed's target could create a misperception in the marketplace that the Fed has lowered their inflation goal.\" \nRead More Fed official: No evidence QE boosted economy \nInvestors will get a closer look at Fed thinking Wednesday at 2 p.m. when the Fed Open Market Committee releases the minutes from its July meeting. \nThe committee initially had targeted a 6.5 percent unemployment rate and 2.5 percent inflation before tightening policy, but both numbers have become moving targets amid uneven economic growth. Though the headline jobless figure, excluding those not actively looking for work and the underemployed, has fallen to 5.3 percent, the Fed remains handcuffed by the weak inflation readings. \nIts preferred gauge for that metric, the personal consumption expenditures price index, shows even a lower level of inflation than the CPI. The core PCE's latest reading, in June, was just 1.3 percent. While consumers might scoff at an inflation gauge that omits food and energy, Fed Chair Janet Yellen generally dismisses price fluctuations in both categories as \"transitory\" and therefore not central to monetary policy decision-making. \nRead More Don't expect Fed to signal rate hike: Strategist \nLow inflation readings, particularly the latest CPI, \"will certainly give the Fed pause for thought in whether to raise interest rates or not at the next FOMC meeting in mid-September,\" Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics, said in a note. \n\"On balance, we still think the Fed will go ahead and raise rates in response to the cumulative improvement in labor market conditions. But the decision is finely balanced,\" Ashworth added. \"With underlying price inflation and wage growth still muted, a case can also be made for waiting.\" \nAnecdotally, most Wall Street economists seem to expect a September hike. However, traders at the CME are less convinced, with futures trading indicating a 45 percent chance of an increase at the meeting. A month ago, though, the probability was just 26 percent. More From CNBC\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 153.9884033203125 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "149.14541625976562",
 "date": "2015-08-19",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}