{
 "context": "The following article called 'Indradhanush plan: Now, capital won't come easy for ailing government banks' was published on 2015-08-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI | KOLKATA: At first glance, the government's Indradhanush (rainbow) plan to revamp the state-run banking system appears to be old wine in new bottle, given that key measures such as capital investment, appointing private sector bankers as chief executives and the central bank-assisted plan to end accumulation of bad loans were well known. But what is tucked away on the last page of financial services secretary Hasmukh Adhia's presentation on Friday may well be the game-changer -consolidation. If anyone doubted that the government just continues on the beaten track when it comes to capitalising banks endlessly, it was ended with prescribing performance parameters to be fulfilled if any bank needed more capital. But the agenda to reform is a continuous one and is signalled with a date -coming January -for the next 'gyan sangam'. \"Other strategic initiatives such as consolidation, need to be discussed,\" Adhia said on page 12 of his presentation. Kishore Kharat, the newly appointed chief executive and managing director of IDBI Bank, feels this is the right time for consolidation.\"The new generation will be able to take the process of consolidation forward. Consolidation will help small banks that are weak to better utilise their resources and skill sets. Otherwise, these banks would keep struggling,\" he said. Among the 27 state-owned banks, barring a few such as the State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank and Bank of Baroda, many are regional because of historical reasons. Even after the government nationalised banks in 1969, many of them, such as Andhra Bank, Vijaya Bank and Allahabad Bank , remained regional. Because of their regional focus, they could not keep up their competitiveness when the industry was opened up for private banks such as HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank , which took away the cream from most of these banks with better services and products. The share of state-run banks has been steadily declining and the Nayak committee -a panel headed by former Axis Bank chairman PJ Nayak appointed to suggest ways to revamp state-run bank administration -projects their share to shrink to 63 per cent by 2025 from 80 per cent in 2000. The net profit per PSU bank employee is at less than Rs 7 lakh, compared with Rs 25 lakh for their private peers. The huge stressed assets of staterun banks and the need for capital make them more vulnerable to competition. Given that the government for the first time has laid out performance metrics for banks to allocate capital, many believe that a few banks may fall short, opening up the possibility of consolidation as early as next year. \"The long-term intent of the government is clear that as capital is not free and, therefore, it would not infuse capital every year if one doesn't have a viable business model,\" said Ananda Bhowmik, managing director at India Ratings & Research.\"There may be a case for consolidation but the government would leave the decision to the Bank Board Bureau. This is because whenever the government takes one, it invariably becomes a political one,\" he said. Although few are willing to stick their neck out and pick the candi dates for consolidation, the finances of some banks, including Dena Bank and United Bank of India (UBI), appear to be critical and some doubt their ability to meet the performance metrics ranging from improving return on assets to raise the share of retail credit between 20 basis points and 300 basis points, to be eligible for capital. A basis point is 0.01 percentage point. UBI, which has a capital adequacy of 10.02 per cent and needs funds from the government, has a return on asset of 0.17 per cent. For it to get 10 marks, it has to improve it by 20 basis points. The bank, which has 17.24 per cent of total credit in retail, has to raise it by 300 basis points if it has to secure 7.5 marks. There are more than a dozen such parameters. Dena Bank's capital adequacy is at 10.81 per cent and return on assets is at 0.05 per cent, one of the lowest in the industry, and its net interest margin, a measure of profitability , is at 2.21 per cent. The government would assign 5 marks for a 10 basis points improvement in NIM. Some believe that consolidation should not be blind, but based on the needs of each bank. Also, there could be other considerations like the need for size to fund the growing size of Indian companies. So, big banks could be averse to merging small banks with them along with their problems. \"Consolidation should not be for the sake of it,\" said Usha Ananthasubramanian, chief executive at Punjab National Bank. \"If we need to produce banks of global size, I think big banks should merge. A big bank acquiring small bank does not add value in terms of gaining size of global standards. So, consolidation should be done for value addition and not just a token attempt by a big bank taking over a small bank,\" she said.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of HDFC Bank Limited was 30.598621368408203 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of HDFC Bank Limited was ",
 "expected": "30.13198471069336",
 "date": "2015-08-17",
 "ticker": "HDB",
 "company": "HDFC Bank Limited"
}