{
 "context": "The following article called 'Federal - Financial Manager at Accenture (Arlington, VA)' was published on 2015-07-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSource: PharmaDiversityJobBoard.com Organization: Accenture Federal Services Location: Arlington, VA Accenture Federal Services, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accenture, helps U.S. federal agencies build the government of the future. With 4,000 dedicated US employees, Accenture Federal Services is uniquely positioned to support federal agencies in shattering the status quo, achieving profound efficiencies and relentlessly delivering results. Accenture Federal Services is a long-time and trusted resource for the federal community. Every cabinet level agency in the United States-and 20 of the country's largest federal government agencies, have worked with Accenture Federal Services to achieve outcomes and move toward high performance. Join us and you can help our federal clients achieve what matters most, powering the services that touch the nation every day. The Federal Financial Manager will support the project's business process documentation and internal control testing efforts through their expertise of federal financial environments and operations. The team member must process a thorough knowledge of accounting principles and best practices. They will provide guidance on finance business processes, internal controls, and Financial Management Systems in support of our clients' efforts to produce auditable financial statements. On a daily basis, the Federal Financial Manager will be expected to: * Provide recommendations to improve the financial management infrastructure and environment * Interact with the client and users around specific work efforts and deliverables * Be able to understand the client's financial operations for specific business processes * Document and map processes and internal controls * Perform Quality Assurance reviews * Lead a team of analysts Basic Qualifications: Bachelors degree in Finance, Accounting or related field Must be a US Citizen Minimum 5 years of experience in one of more of the following capabilities: financial management; process design/re-engineering; audit/internal control testing Minimum 5 years of federal accounting and/or auditing experience Minimum 3 years of federal financial statement audit experience Minimum 3 years of experience with MS Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, etc. Preferred Qualifications: Federal Government accounting experience Federal audit experience OMB Circular A-123 experience Understanding of government asset management USSGL understanding An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status). Accenture is a federal contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Job: Portfolio & Delivery Management Organization: Client Delivery & Operations Job Level: Manager\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Activision Blizzard, Inc was 25.098670959472656 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Activision Blizzard, Inc was ",
 "expected": "24.95437240600586",
 "date": "2015-07-22",
 "ticker": "ATVI",
 "company": "Activision Blizzard, Inc"
}