{
 "context": "The following article called 'Digi International Acquires IoT Solution Provider bluenica' was published on 2015-10-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose   6, 2015 - Digi International\u00ae,   the purchase of St. Catharines, Ontario-based bluenica, a company focused on temperature monitoring of perishable goods in the food industry. Terms of the transaction were not immediately disclosed. The bluenica solution is an easy-to-deploy, reliable and cost-effective means to ensure the quality and freshness of food products in grocery stores, convenience stores and restaurants, as well as in refrigerated trailers and warehouses. The temperature monitoring Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) application uses low-power wireless sensors, communications gateways and cloud-based software to continuously monitor the temperature of perishable goods and to deliver real-time alerts automatically to a smart phone, tablet or computer. This prevents spoilage and loss, lowers labor costs and helps organizations comply with food safety regulations. The fully integrated bluenica IoT solution is designed for easy self-installation across multiple distributed retail locations. 'We have worked hard to develop this patent-pending, cold-chain IoT offering,' said Colin Warkentin, founder and chief executive officer of bluenica. 'We are excited to join Digi International. With Digi's technology breadth and market reach, we believe we can rapidly scale to meet the growing demand for our bluenica solution.' 'We believe the retail cold-chain market represents a large underserved market that can take much greater advantage of wireless sensor networking and IoT capabilities delivered as a reliable, cloud-based service offering,' said Ron Konezny, president and chief executive officer, Digi International. 'We expect Digi's wireless expertise and global market presence will help accelerate adoption of this purpose-built IoT application to a broad customer base.' To learn more about Digi Cold Chain Solutions, go to http://www.digi.com/cold-chain-solutions/ . Digi will provide more details related to this acquisition as part of the fiscal 2015 fourth quarter earnings conference call.   (NASDAQ: DGII)   Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions. These statements often can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as 'anticipate,' 'believe,' 'estimate,' 'may,' 'will,' 'expect,' 'plan,' 'project,' 'should,' or 'continue' or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or similar terminology. Among other items, these statements relate to expectations about the future business performance and adoption of the cold-chain solution purchased in the above described acquisition. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including risks related to whether the solution will perform as anticipated, the potential growth or entrance in the marketplace of competitors, some of whom may have significantly more resources than us, whether the intended target market for the solution will readily adopt the solution, whether we will develop the appropriate channels to effectively sell the solution into the marketplace, rapid changes in technologies that may displace the solution we intend to sell, delays in product development efforts, uncertainty in user acceptance of our products, the ability to integrate our products and services with those of other parties in a commercially accepted manner, potential liabilities that can arise if any of the products comprising our solution have design or manufacturing defects, our ability to defend or settle satisfactorily any litigation, uncertainty in global economic conditions and economic conditions within particular regions of the world which could negatively affect product demand and the financial solvency of customers and suppliers, the impact of natural disasters and other events beyond our control that could negatively impact our supply chain and customers, our ability to attract and retain important employees, potential unintended consequences associated with restructuring or other similar business initiatives that may impact our ability to retain important employees and our ability to execute on the business to achieve the anticipated benefits and synergies associated with the transaction. These and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions identified from time to time in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2014 and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings, could cause the company's future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Many of such factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date for which they are made. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Media Contact:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Digi International Inc. was 11.920000076293945 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Digi International Inc. was ",
 "expected": "12.020000457763672",
 "date": "2015-10-06",
 "ticker": "DGII",
 "company": "Digi International Inc."
}