{
 "context": "The following article called 'FBNBank Ghana launches 'You First' campaign' was published on 2015-07-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  16 July 2015 11:00 CET FBNBank Ghana launches 'You First' campaign By GNA \nAccra, July 15, GNA - FBNBank Ghana has launched its corporate advertising campaign tailored to put the customer at the heart of its business operations. \nThe launch highlights the Bank's commitment to becoming the leader in the country's financial sector. \nMr Enoch Vanderpuye, Country Team Lead, Marketing and Corporate Communications, FBNBank Ghana, said with the 'You First' value proposition, the corporate entity has established itself as a partner to its customers, providing relevant solutions to all their banking needs as their lives continue to evolve. \nIt said the Bank emerged from an enviably rich heritage and banking tradition, which has shaped its business to become the leader across several markets in Africa and beyond. \n'The Bank's footprints are visible across the world in Abu Dhabi, Beijing, DR Congo, Ghana, Guinea, Johannesburg, London, Nigeria, Paris, Senegal, Sierra Leone, and The Gambia,' it said. \nMr Seyi Oyefeso, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of FBNBank Ghana Limited, said the 'FBNBank Ghana takes pride in being exclusively customer-centric and we go to great lengths to put 'You First.' \nHe said the Bank's 'You First' declaration simply implied that at the Bank, they put their stakeholders at the heart of their business. \nMr Oyefeso said that the Bank's financial services knowledge and practices has made it a leader in the market - ensuring a better understanding of customers to strive for a better way of delivering first-class service and experience. \n'Today, we deepen our application of this culture in the Ghanaian market, even as we provide unrivalled value to all our customers,' he added. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was 153.12078857421875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was ",
 "expected": "150.51104736328125",
 "date": "2015-07-16",
 "ticker": "CI",
 "company": "Cigna Corporation"
}