{
 "context": "The following article called 'Danish unions vow action against Ryanair after talks fail' was published on 2015-07-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nWed, Jul 8, 2015, 17:17 BST - UK Markets closed Danish unions vow action against Ryanair after talks fail Reuters - UK Focus \u2013 4 minutes 21 seconds ago 11.78 -0.11 \nCOPENHAGEN, July 8 (Reuters) - Danish trade unions have said they would launch action at airports from which Ryanair flies that would effectively stop its services after, they said, the low-cost Irish airline refused to sign up to national collective agreements. \nIn the latest salvo in the months-long dispute, which began before Ryanair even started flying from Copenhagen, the unions said they will refuse services such as refuelling at Copenhagen on July 18 and at two airports in Jutland on July 23. \nThe budget airline's policy of employing people in countries such as Denmark under the less generous terms of its home nation has angered Danish labour unions. \nThe unions wanted the carrier to sign a Danish collective agreement with its locally-based pilots and cabin crew. Last week a court said the unions were allowed to refuse to service Ryanair flights if the carrier did not meet that demand. \nRyanair said two days later it would re-base its single Copenhagen airplane but then agreed to fresh talks on Wednesday. Local media said the meeting lasted just eight minutes. \n\"Ryanair has sadly flat out refused to enter an agreement with the union and ensure their employees pay and labour terms are in accordance with the Danish labour market,\" said Lizette Risgaard, chairwoman of the trade union umbrella group LO. \n\"That's why LO now issues a second sympathy conflict warning,\" she said in a statement, referring to the action. \nThe statement represents an escalation of the dispute, which has spilled over into the twittersphere after municipalities banned their workers from using the airline for work. Previously the threat had only been for action at Copenhagen. \nRyanair began flying from there in March this year but had been flying for several years out of Billund and Aarhus, both in the west of the country, with no complaints. \nRyanair did not immediately respond to a request for comment. It is unclear whether it had already re-based its Copenhagen workers out of the country and if so, whether the sympathy action would be legal in the capital. (Reporting by Sabina Zawadzki; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ryanair Holdings plc was 72.28213500976562 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ryanair Holdings plc was ",
 "expected": "72.11128234863281",
 "date": "2015-07-08",
 "ticker": "RYAAY",
 "company": "Ryanair Holdings plc"
}