{
 "context": "The following article called 'California Lt. Governor Gavin Newsom and Golden State Warriors Celebrate Grand Opening of the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center' was published on 2015-09-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCalifornia Lt. Governor Gavin Newsom and Golden State Warriors Celebrate Grand Opening of the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center ET | Source: The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. photo-release California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and 2015 NBA Champion Golden State Warriors Center, Festus Ezeli, joined Nasdaq officials, CEO Bob Greifeld and Vice Chairman Bruce Aust, in ringing the Closing Bell remotely from San Francisco in celebration of the launch of the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center. California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and 2015 NBA Champion Golden State Warriors Center, Festus Ezeli, joined Nasdaq officials, CEO Bob Greifeld and Vice Chairman Bruce Aust, in ringing the Nasdaq Closing Bell remotely from San Francisco in celebration of the launch of the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center. \nSAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 24, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center today opened the doors to its 13,000 square-foot, ultra-modern facility in San Francisco's South Financial District. California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and 2015 NBA Champion Golden State Warriors Center, Festus Ezeli, joined Nasdaq officials, CEO Bob Greifeld and Vice Chairman Bruce Aust, in ringing the Nasdaq Closing Bell remotely from San Francisco in celebration of the Center's launch. \nPhotos accompanying this release are available at \nhttp://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=36413 \nMembers of the greater Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center community, including its sponsors, board of advisors and partners also joined the celebration. \nEstablished by the Nasdaq Educational Foundation as a non-profit organization, the Center will serve as a central hub for entrepreneurs from all industries to learn how to build and run successful businesses, and connect with an established global ecosystem of industry experts, mentors and resources. \nThe Center is focused on fostering a thriving start-up community representing all industries. It offers entrepreneurs free educational and training resources, hands-on mentorship programs and entrepreneurial events and programs developed in partnership with Nasdaq and with some of the world's leading academic institutions, companies and business leaders. Entrepreneurs interested in programming and events at the Center can complete an application on the Center's website. \nAbout the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center \nThe Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center is a San Francisco-based non-profit organization designed to educate, innovate and connect aspiring and current entrepreneurs. Established in 2014 with support from the Nasdaq Educational Foundation, the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center serves the greater Bay Area community through differentiated events, meaningful entrepreneurial education and a prominent mentorship program. For further information, please visit: http://thecenter.nasdaq.org/ \nAbout The Nasdaq Educational Foundation \nThe Nasdaq Educational Foundation, Inc. was established in 1994 and is supported entirely by contributions from Nasdaq. The mission of The Nasdaq Educational Foundation, Inc. is to promote and provide opportunities through collaborations and initiatives that support and deliver innovative educational programs and charitable activities. \nAbout Nasdaq \nNasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ ) is a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services across six continents. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 70 marketplaces in 50 countries, and 1 in 10 of the world's securities transactions. Nasdaq is home to more than 3,600 listed companies with a market value of approximately $9.6 trillion and more than 10,000 corporate clients. To learn more, visit: http://nasdaq.com/ambition or http://business.nasdaq.com . \nNDAQG \nThe photos are also available via AP PhotoExpress. Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center Media Contact: General Inquiries: Nasdaq Media Contacts: Linda Recupero 212-231-5534 Will Briganti 646-964-8169 Related Articles other press releases by The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. was 46.564727783203125 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "46.63645935058594",
 "date": "2015-09-25",
 "ticker": "NDAQ",
 "company": "The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc."
}