{
 "context": "The following article called 'Open Interconnect Consortium Announces New Members and Standards Milestone' was published on 2015-07-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCompany : Open Interconnect Consortium, Inc. Tuesday, July 21, 2015 11:51AM IST (6:21AM GMT) (BW)(OR-OPEN-INTERCONNECT) Open Interconnect Consortium Announces New Members and Standards Milestone IBM, National Instruments and Others Join Internet of Things Consortium to Achieve Interoperability in the Industry; OIC Specification 0.9.1 Available to Members Ore., Portland, United States Today, the Open Interconnect Consortium, Inc. (OIC) announced a number of new member organizations, including IBM and National Instruments. New companies and nonprofits that have joined the consortium hail from regions around the world including Argentina, South Korea, North America and Taiwan. They offer products and services in a variety of sectors ranging from manufacturing to education. \u201cThe OIC\u2019s continued success in adding leading technology companies to our organization highlights the industry\u2019s commitment to ensuring interoperability of the billions of devices,\u201d said Mike Richmond, executive director at the Open Interconnect Consortium. \u201cThese new members will allow us to further extend our expertise in the industrial sector as we look to drive standards for the internet of things.\u201d The organizations new to OIC\u2019s membership roster include: VU Security This builds on the OIC announcement of 25 new member organizations across industries and international markets in May. The OIC is building an open source framework and developing a standard with the goal of defining the connectivity requirements and ensuring interoperability of the billions of devices making up the internet of things. With this framework, technologies can wirelessly connect and intelligently manage the flow of information among devices, regardless of form factor, operating system or service provider. Additionally, the OIC specification 0.9.1 and corresponding IoTivity code release are now available. The specification has passed IP review by all member companies and has been approved by the OIC Board of Directors. This specification allows members and industry participants flexibility to develop and certify interoperable products built using any implementation of the framework. For additional information on membership benefits including access to the specification and how to join the OIC, visit www.openinterconnect.org/join . About Open Interconnect Consortium The Open Interconnect Consortium, a Delaware non-profit corporation, is being founded by leading technology companies with the goal of defining the connectivity requirements and ensuring interoperability of the billions of devices that will make up the emerging Internet of Things (IoT). All trademarks included are property of their respective owners. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150717005837/en/ For News Release background on Open Interconnect Consortium, Inc. click here CONTACTS : OIC Public Relations Danielle Tarp, 415-856-5182 OICPR@blancandotus.com\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of National Instruments Corporation was 23.656307220458984 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of National Instruments Corporation was ",
 "expected": "23.307422637939453",
 "date": "2015-07-21",
 "ticker": "NATI",
 "company": "National Instruments Corporation"
}