{
 "context": "The following article called 'Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton Celebrates Brand\u2019s First Latin American Hotel with Opening of Anselmo Buenos Aires' was published on 2015-07-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nThursday, July 23, 2015 11:32AM IST (6:02AM GMT) (BW)(VA-HILTON-WORLDWIDE) Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton Celebrates Brand\u2019s First Latin American Hotel with Opening of Anselmo Buenos Aires Hilton Worldwide Opens Historic Boutique Luxury Hotel in Buenos Aires Buenos Aires, Argentina and Mclean, Va., United States Offering the perfect blend of modern luxury and storied history, Anselmo Buenos Aires joined Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton . As Hilton Worldwide\u2019s (NYSE: HLT) rapidly-expanding global collection of distinctive hotels, Curio caters to passionate travelers seeking local discovery and authentic experiences. Located in Buenos Aires\u2019 historic neighborhood of San Telmo, Anselmo Buenos Aires is set amid Plaza Dorrego Square, one of the oldest public spaces in the city known for its diverse array of caf\u00e9s, bars, shops and antique stores. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150722005356/en/ View from the Colonial Room with Dorrego Square View at Anselmo Buenos Aires, Curio Collection by Hilton (Photo: Hilton Worldwide) \u201cOriginally built as a stunning mansion in 1906, Anselmo Buenos Aires pays tribute to a community rich in history that dates back to the 18 th century, and provides guests with the perfect launching pad for a truly intriguing cultural experience,\u201d said Dianna Vaughan, global head, Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton. \u201cAs a hotel that honors its proud past while also celebrating modern luxury that today\u2019s savvy traveler has come to expect, we\u2019re honored to welcome this beautiful property to our collection, and as our first hotel in Latin America.\u201d With its first owner rumored to have been the famous tango musician and composer, Anselmo Aieta, the property maintains its original 1900s fa\u00e7ade complemented by a modern design that includes spacious rooms and upscale restaurant and bar concepts. Throughout the hotel, guests will also enjoy contemporary d\u00e9cor and art \u2013 all infused with the area\u2019s history and local flair. An interior plaza reflects local Argentine culture by giving guests an intimate setting in which to interact and unwind after a day of exploring Buenos Aires. Additional highlights include inviting communal gathering areas throughout the hotel and a fitness center offering state-of-the-art equipment, which will be available 24 hours a day. Guests can relax in one of 50 guest rooms, including four corner rooms, one with a balcony, a large suite featuring a spacious private balcony and two colonial rooms offering a view of Dorrego Square, one of them with a french balcony facing the square. The design of each guest room thoughtfully reflects the historical ambience of San Telmo combined with sophisticated and modern elegance. Guest room highlights include floor-to-ceiling windows, walk-in showers, sleek wooden floors, a mini-bar and views of the hotel\u2019s inner plaza. Guests will also enjoy a plush bed with luxurious linens, a comfortable sofa, a 42-inch HDTV, complimentary Wi-Fi access and beautiful lighting that is unique within each room. \"Our location in the heart of Buenos Aires, underscored by the reassurance that comes with the iconic Hilton name, will truly set us apart from other offerings in the market,\" said Carlos Alonso, managing partner, PKF hotelexperts Latin America. \"During their stay at Anselmo Buenos Aires, our guests will not only experience the tremendous pride and passion our talented team has for our beloved Argentine culture, but they will also feel inspired to making new discoveries for experiences that are truly unforgettable.\" Providing very distinct dining experiences, the hotel features two restaurants \u2013 both of which celebrate Argentinean innovation: Caf\u00e9 Anselmo: Offering healthy regional dishes using the freshest local produce, guests will discover made-from-scratch Argentinean dishes and grilled meats served in a chic environment. Anselmo Lounge: A trendy lounge with a historic twist, this restaurant creates the perfect setting for guests to enjoy locally-influenced signature cocktails, specialty snacks and desserts. For those seeking a memorable event or wedding, Anselmo Buenos Aires offers 3,300 sq. ft. of versatile meeting space for up to 100 guests. Spacious foyers offer a grand welcome that continues into the striking event space, and customized on-site catering centered on authentic Argentinean dishes and specialty cocktails will ensure every event \u2013 large or small \u2013 is a success. Anselmo Buenos Aires, Curio Collection by Hilton participates in Hilton HHonors, the award-winning guest-loyalty program for Hilton Worldwide\u2019s twelve distinct hotel brands. Hilton HHonors Members always get our lowest price with our Best Price Guarantee, along with HHonors Points, free Wi-Fi, digital check-in and no booking fees only when they book through Hilton. Existing reservations are intact, and current and future guests may immediately begin earning and redeeming Hilton HHonors\u00ae points. Anselmo Buenos Aires, Curio Collection by Hilton is located at Anselmo Aieta 1069, Buenos Aires, C1103AAA, Argentina. For more information, or to make a reservation, travelers may visit curio.com or by calling 1-800-445-8667 or +54 11 5279 9000. Media may access additional information and high-resolution images for Anselmo Buenos Aires, Curio Collection by Hilton at news.curiocollection.com/AnselmoBuenosAires . For more news on Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton, visit news.curiocollection.com . About Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton ( curiocollection.com ) is a global collection of distinctive hotels that are woven into the fabric of their destinations. While each one is unique, they are united in their individuality. Curio guests are passionate travelers seeking local discovery and authentic experiences, while resting easier knowing the Hilton name is behind every stay. Curio joins a portfolio of market-leading brands from Hilton Worldwide, a leading global hospitality company. Access the latest news at Curio.com or inquire about development opportunities at hiltonworldwide.com/development . About Hilton Worldwide Hilton Worldwide (NYSE: HLT) is a leading global hospitality company, spanning the lodging sector from luxury and full-service hotels and resorts to extended-stay suites and focused-service hotels. For 95 years, Hilton Worldwide has been dedicated to continuing its tradition of providing exceptional guest experiences. The company's portfolio of twelve world-class global brands is comprised of more than 4,350 managed, franchised, owned and leased hotels and timeshare properties, with more than 720,000 rooms in 94 countries and territories, including Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Embassy Suites Hotels, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton Hotels, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The company also manages an award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton HHonors\u00ae. Visit news.hiltonworldwide.com for more information and connect with Hilton Worldwide at facebook.com/hiltonworldwide , twitter.com/hiltonworldwide , youtube.com/hiltonworldwide , flickr.com/hiltonworldwide , and linkedin.com/company/hilton-worldwide . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150722005356/en/ MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE :\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. was 54.995975494384766 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. was ",
 "expected": "52.71676254272461",
 "date": "2015-07-23",
 "ticker": "HLT",
 "company": "Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc."
}