{
 "context": "The following article called 'Apple denies it plans to sell mobile services directly to consumers' was published on 2015-08-04. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nTue, Aug 4, 2015, 17:17 BST - UK Markets closed Apple denies it plans to sell mobile services directly to consumers Reuters \u2013 54 minutes ago Print \nFRANKFURT (Reuters) - Apple, the world's most profitable mobile phone maker, has denied a media report that it is working on a plan to market communications services directly to consumers and bypass telecom operators. \nBusiness Insider on Monday reported that the iPhone maker was testing a so-called mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) in the United States, which would see it rent out capacity from mobile network operators and then sign up its own customers. \nThe mobile phone maker is also in talks with European operators about such an arrangement, the website reported. \n\"We have not discussed nor do we have any plans to launch an MVNO,\" said an Apple spokeswoman in a statement on Tuesday. \nFollow the quotes you care about most. Access timely news and investment updates to stay on top of the market. \u2026 More \u00bb Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was 27.026193618774414 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was ",
 "expected": "26.3325138092041",
 "date": "2015-08-04",
 "ticker": "AAPL",
 "company": "Apple Inc."
}