{
 "context": "The following article called 'Public Adjuster in Miami, Florida (sharam sham)' was published on 2015-07-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nJul 8, 2015 When disaster strikes, before you speak to them, speak to our Public Insurance Adjusters.Pride Florida Public Adjusters, an independent adjusting company offering private insurance claim help to Commercial businesses and property owners requiring help with an insurance loss due to fire water flood storm tornado earthquake damage in Miami | Orlando | Tampa | Jacksonville | Fort Lauderdale and all of Florida State.Type of Services Pride Public Adjuster provides:Fire Damage Adjuster, Smoke Damage Adjuster, Hurricane Damage Adjuster, Wind & Hail Damage Flood & Water Damage, Earthquake Damage, Crime Scene Cleanup, Mold & Asbestos, Tornado Damage, Vandalism & Theft, Information Systems, Crop Damage, Maritime Claims, Aviation/Aircraft Claims, Workers Comp Claims, Transportation Claims, Legal Liability, Business Interruption Claims.Pride Public Insurance Adjusters is comprised of the most experienced and certified public adjusting professionals in the industry. We are committed to producing the best possible results for you in every insurance recovery claim. Pride Public Adjusters have a team of expert public adjusters that know how to navigate your claims in the most effective manner. We understand the claims handling process and we can help you find your way through all of the insurance company's \"red tape\". We deal with these insurers on a daily basis. We know them. That's an advantage you deserve on your side. Furthermore, with our steady growth and financial stability we have the resources to take on large commercial claims that run into the $100m+ category. The majority of the Pride team have more than 20 years of expertise in the property claims industry. This hands-on experience is highly beneficial in meeting the circumstances of every client.We are your advocate to obtain the best possible insurance settlement for any type of insurance claim. The insurance company's adjusters and the \"independent\" adjusters hired by the insurance company only represent the insurance company's best interest; the adjuster has a duty to his employer (the insurance company) to limit the insurance payout. At Pride Public Adjusters, we work exclusively for you and we manage every phase of preparing and presenting your insurance claim properly to insure you get everything you are entitled to under your insurance policy. About the Author As a SEO expert I have been involved in doing this for the last 8 years or so and this is what I enjoy doing as a part of a challenging life style that I like to live. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Cass Information Systems, Inc was 37.48086166381836 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Cass Information Systems, Inc was ",
 "expected": "37.27406311035156",
 "date": "2015-07-08",
 "ticker": "CASS",
 "company": "Cass Information Systems, Inc"
}