{
 "context": "The following article called 'RBA expected to hold cash rate' was published on 2015-08-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMon, Aug 31, 2015, 4:30 AM AEST - Australia Markets open in 5 hrs 30 mins RBA expected to hold cash rate AAP \u2013 58 minutes ago Print \nAcademics do not expect the Reserve Bank to lower the cash rate despite global market volatility and weak domestic investment figures. \nThe central bank will hold its monthly board meeting on Tuesday and it is widely expected to keep the cash rate at a record low of two per cent, where it has stood since May. \nAustralian National University's Timo Henckel says wild swings on global stock markets have made investors edgy, the economic news coming out of China is not favourable and figures last week showing domestic private investment has plummeted. \n\"On the other hand, US growth surged to 3.7 per cent annually and fears of a debt crisis in the eurozone have abated,\" Dr Henckel said. \nOn balance he expects interest rates should be left on hold. \nDr Henckel chairs the ANU's so-called \"RBA shadow board\" made up of academics, economists and former RBA board members. \nThe group tries to gauge the likely outcome when RBA governor Glenn Stevens and his team meets to decide on interest rates every month. \nTuesday's meeting comes in the middle of a barrage of economic figures, including the national accounts for the June quarter on Wednesday, which economists expect will show limp growth of about 0.4 per cent for an annual rate of 2.2 per cent. \nThis would be below the 2.3 per cent recorded as of March and well below the long-term average of three to 3.25 per cent. \nEconomists will finalise their forecasts after several bits of data are released over Monday and Tuesday for company profits and inventories, international trade and government spending. \nHowever, they expect exports have been a drag on growth during the quarter because of weather-related coal port closures in April. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook VW ordered to sell stake in Suzuki AAP \nVolkswagen has been told to sell its stake in Japan's Suzuki, the companies say. The International Court of Arbitration, \u2026\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated was 24.466989517211914 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated was ",
 "expected": "23.28012466430664",
 "date": "2015-08-30",
 "ticker": "RBA",
 "company": "Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated"
}