{
 "context": "The following article called 'Liberty All-Star(R) Equity Fund August 2015 Update' was published on 2015-09-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nThe net asset value (NAV) of a closed-end fund is the market value of the underlying investments (i.e., stocks and bonds) in the Fund's portfolio, minus liabilities, divided by the total number of Fund shares outstanding. However, the Fund also has a market price; the value at which it trades on an exchange. If the market price is above the NAV the Fund is trading at a premium. If the market price is below the NAV the Fund is trading at a discount. \nReturns for the Fund are total returns, which includes dividends, and are net of management fees and other Fund Expenses. The Fund's performance is calculated assuming that a shareholder reinvested all distributions. Past performance cannot predict future investment results. \nPerformance will fluctuate with changes in market conditions. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data shown. Performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of taxes that shareholders would pay on Fund distributions or the sale of Fund shares. Shareholders must be willing to tolerate significant fluctuations in the value of their investment. An investment in the Fund involves risk, including loss of principal. \nSources of distributions to shareholders may include ordinary dividends, long-term capital gains and return of capital. The actual amounts and sources of the amounts for tax reporting purposes will depend upon the Fund's investment experience during the remainder of its fiscal year and may be subject to changes based on tax regulations. If a distribution includes anything other than net investment income, the fund provides a Section 19(a) notice of the best estimate of its distribution sources at that time, available at www.all-starfunds.com . These estimates may not match the final tax characterization (for the full year's distributions) contained in shareholders' 1099-DIV forms after the end of the year.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Euronav NV was 9.28968620300293 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Euronav NV was ",
 "expected": "10.015231132507324",
 "date": "2015-09-16",
 "ticker": "EURN",
 "company": "Euronav NV"
}