{
 "context": "The following article called 'Photo Release -- Nasdaq Welcomes ConforMIS, Inc. to The Nasdaq Stock Market' was published on 2015-07-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nPhoto Release -- Nasdaq Welcomes ConforMIS, Inc. to The Nasdaq Stock Market ET | Source: The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. photo-release ConforMIS Inc. [CFMS], a medical technology company that develops, manufactures and sells Customized Partial and Total Knee Implants, opened for trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market on July 1, 2015. \nNEW YORK, July 1, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ ) announced that trading ConforMIS, Inc. (Nasdaq: CFMS ) commenced on The Nasdaq Stock Market on July 1, 2015. \nA photo accompanying this release is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=34194 \nConforMIS, Inc. is a medical technology company that develops, manufactures and sells Customized Partial and Total Knee Implants. ConforMIS uses its proprietary iFit\u00ae Image-to-Implant\u00ae technology platform to develop, manufacture and sell joint replacement implants that are individually sized and shaped, or customized, to fit each patient's unique anatomy. \n\"ConforMIS is using its proprietary technology platform to improve the joint replacement industry. We congratulate ConforMIS on its initial public offering and we look forward to celebrating future milestones with the company in the years to come,\" said Nelson Griggs, Executive Vice President, Listing Services at Nasdaq. \nBy listing with Nasdaq, ConforMIS, Inc. joins some of the world's largest and most revolutionary companies. Nasdaq is the exchange of choice for 87 percent of healthcare companies listed on the U.S. markets year to date. \nThe information contained above is provided for informational and educational purposes only, and nothing contained herein should be construed as investment advice, either on behalf of a particular security or an overall investment strategy. Neither Nasdaq nor any of its affiliates makes any recommendation to buy or sell any security or any representation about the financial condition of any company. Statements regarding Nasdaq-listed companies are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Investors should undertake their own due diligence and carefully evaluate companies before investing. ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED. \nAbout Nasdaq: \nNasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ ) is a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services across six continents. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 70 marketplaces in 50 countries, and 1 in 10 of the world's securities transactions. Nasdaq is home to more than 3,500 listed companies with a market value of approximately $9.5 trillion and more than 10,000 corporate clients. To learn more, visit: nasdaq.com/ambition or business.nasdaq.com . \nThe photo is also available via AP PhotoExpress. \nNDAQG MEDIA RELATIONS CONTACT: Will Briganti (646) 441-5012 Related Articles\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. was 43.54812240600586 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "43.83361053466797",
 "date": "2015-07-01",
 "ticker": "NDAQ",
 "company": "The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc."
}