{
 "context": "The following article called 'FORM 8.5 (EPT/NON-RI) - TELECITY GROUP PLC' was published on 2015-07-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nName of offeror/offeree in relation to whose TELECITY GROUP PLC relevant securities this form relates: Name of the party to the offer with which exempt TELECITY GROUP PLC In addition to the company in 1(b) above, is the exempt principal YES: trader making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer? EQUINIX INC \n2. POSITIONS OF THE EXEMPT PRINCIPAL TRADER \nIf there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(b), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security. \n(a) Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any) Class of relevant security: 1.58% \nAll interests and all short positions should be disclosed. \nDetails of any open stock-settled derivative positions (including traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions). \n(b) Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors\u2019 and other employee options) Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription right exists: Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant percentages: \n3. DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE EXEMPT PRINCIPAL TRADER \nWhere there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(b), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in. \nThe currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated. \n(a) Purchases and sales \n(c) Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options) \n(i) Writing, selling, purchasing or varying Class of relevant security Product description e.g. call option Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc. Number of securities to which option relates Option money paid/ received per unit \n(ii) Exercise \n(d) Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities) Class of relevant security Price per unit (if applicable) \n4. OTHER INFORMATION \n(a) Indemnity and other dealing arrangements Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the exempt principal trader making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer: NONE \n(b) Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the exempt principal trader making the disclosure and any other person relating to: (i) the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or (ii) the voting rights of future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced: Is a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached? Telephone number: 020 7773 0635 \nPublic disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service and must also be emailed to the Takeover Panel at monitoring@disclosure.org.uk. The Panel\u2019s Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code\u2019s disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129. \nThe Code can be viewed on the Panel\u2019s website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150708005623/en/ Contact Tax cuts, pensions, childcare, online accounts and beer duty, here's \u2026 Related Stock Articles Follow the quotes you care about most. Access timely news and investment updates to stay on top of the market. \u2026 More \u00bb Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was 218.5489959716797 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "217.85301208496094",
 "date": "2015-07-08",
 "ticker": "EQIX",
 "company": "Equinix, Inc."
}