{
 "context": "The following article called 'Stop Wasting Money: Make Smart Choices About Food, Tech, Insurance' was published on 2015-07-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nStop Wasting Money: Make Smart Choices About Food, Tech, Insurance by Center for Personal Finance editors \nStop wasting money: Make smart choices about food, tech, insurance \nJune 30, 2015 \nMcLEAN, Va. (6/30/15)--American households throw away $640 in food each year. While some Americans say they eat leftovers, 76% say they throw them away at least monthly, according to a recent survey from the American Chemistry Council ( USA Today June 24). \nWhen asked why they toss food, most consumers say it's because of food safety and wanting to eat the freshest food possible. Confusion about the relationship between expiration dates also causes people to throw away food items that often are still good. \nSpending too much on food doesn't stop at tossing leftovers. If you fall into the routine of going out for dinner or picking up takeout, try cutting back. Stop at the grocery store and buy ingredients for a fun meal--have a taco night or make your own stir fry. Use coupons when grocery shopping. \nConsider downloading the flipp app to your phone or tablet. The app allows you to browse ad flyers for stores in your area and highlights the top deals. \nWe often accept expenses as they are without trying to change them. Here are other areas where, with just a little work, you might be able to reduce your bills: TV, Internet, and phone--Check with providers to make sure you're getting the lowest rates. Contact providers before the promotional periods end to find out what future rates will be. Don't hesitate to contact providers at any time to ask for the best deal. Find out if bundling services can help you save; and Insurance--Compare policies. Check the National Association of Insurance Commissioners website for price comparisons and Insurance Information Institute for advice about picking reputable companies. Consider raising deductibles. Ask about discounts for kids away at college and not using vehicles, and about good student discounts for kids in high school. For related information, read \"Is This Still Good? What Those Dates on Food Really Mean\" and listen to the podcast \"Is This Milk Still Good?\" in the Home & Family Finance Resource Center. \nHome & Family Finance\u00ae Resource Center Copyright \u00a9 1997-2015 Credit Union National Association Inc.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Agilent Technologies, Inc. was 36.50151443481445 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Agilent Technologies, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "37.447635650634766",
 "date": "2015-07-01",
 "ticker": "A",
 "company": "Agilent Technologies, Inc."
}