{
 "context": "The following article called 'MCE calls for collaboration between traders and Assembly' was published on 2015-08-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  21 August 2015 17:00 CET MCE calls for collaboration between traders and Assembly By GNA \nKoforidua, Aug 20, GNA - The New Juaben Municipal Chief Executive (MCE), Dr Kwaku Owusu-Acheampong, has urged traders and other members in the informal sector, to collaborate with the Assembly, to identify levy and toll evaders. \nHe said reports indicated that many artisans, such as masons, electricians, tailors and dressmakers, who plied their trade in houses, were not paying any form of tax, because they could not be identified. \nThe MCE disclosed that the Assembly had instituted a tax force to ensure that all income earners in the informal sector paid appropriate fees to widen the tax net, and urged the public to support the tax force in executing this duty. \nDr Owusu-Acheampong made the call at a stakeholders, meeting, including market women, tailors, dressmakers, hairdressers and beauticians, landlords and property owners, and members of other trade associations in Koforidua. \nThe meeting was to engage the public on the rates proposed to be paid next year by the market women, artisans, occupants of the Assembly's stores and sheds, property rates, rent for occupants of the Assembly's accommodation, land royalties, building permits, commercial buildings and many others. \nMr Samson Gyatto, the Municipal Finance Officer, urged the market women to demand receipts for any payments, to enable the Assembly track the revenue and be able to take action on their complaints. \nHe urge the representatives at the meeting to go back and explain the issues and the new rates to their members, for everyone to be aware of the new rates to ensure the smooth execution of projects \nSome of the market women appealed to the Assembly to de-congest the market which had been taken over by hawkers. \nThey argued that because of the hawkers their goods in the markets were not patronized. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Assembly Biosciences, Inc. was 12.680000305175781 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Assembly Biosciences, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "12.710000038146973",
 "date": "2015-08-21",
 "ticker": "ASMB",
 "company": "Assembly Biosciences, Inc."
}