{
 "context": "The following article called 'We want to be known for selling risk covers: Tarun Chugh' was published on 2015-08-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWe want to be known for selling risk covers: Tarun Chugh Q&A with MD and CEO of PNB MetLife Private life insurer PNB MetLife India Insurance recently entered the online insurance space and now has a critical illness and a term plan. In an interview with M Saraswathy & Priya Nair, Tarun Chugh, MD and CEO of PNB MetLife explains the firm's product strategy and way forward. Private life insurer PNB MetLife India Insurance recently entered the online insurance space and now has a critical illness and a term plan. In an interview with M Saraswathy & Priya Nair , Tarun Chugh , MD and CEO of PNB MetLife explains the firm's product strategy and way forward. Edited excerpts: You recently entered the online insurance space and now have a term product. How different is it from others? We have launched \u2018mera\u2019 plan, a critical illness with return on premium plan, and now the term plan. Our website for selling products has been made user-friendly and we will keep enhancing it. About 91% of customers said that they want to decide the type of term plan they want, as per research. Hence, the benefit of our term product is around the claim. Usually, lump sum or monthly income is the option given in the claim. With our plan, you can take a lump sum, lump sum plus monthly income, lump sum plus monthly income with inflation or take lump sum plus monthly till your child is 21 years. We also have joint life (Spouse cover) with all these options. The company has also entered the health space, where several insurers are already present. How has the response been? The critical illness plan that we have launched has been doing well (offline), though not much online. About 15-20% of policies sold since its launch have been critical illness policies. The product is a benefit product and not a reimbursement product. In our plan, irrespective of any critical illness that you have, as long as you prove with the doctor's bill that you had the critical illness, we pay the entire amount. Further, if you are healthy you get the return of premium. This is unlike reimbursement products where you do not get anything. The policy term is 10-years at present, though we are looking to extend it to 20 years in the future. Several peers of yours have gone heavy on Unit-Linked Insurance Plans (Ulips). Do you wish to change your business mix more towards Ulips? Last year, we had 65-35 business between traditional and Ulip products respectively. This year too, I see the Ulip percentage remaining the same for us. There is a huge market but it depends on where you want to play. Our sense is that Ulips are meant for a different set of customers; it is substitution of mutual funds sometimes. It is sold for returns. We would be rather be known for selling products for risk covers. We would like to be known for pensions, more goal-based saving and the risk-based products. Have you filed any new pension products? This is an area which we are working on. Currently, we are doing customer research and consulting with various markets globally. Though we have the accumulation product in pension in place, we are in the process of filing the immediate annuity product. With the Insurance Act being passed, host of new regulations are expected. Will you be looking into the reforms for the next few months? Irdai for the first time ever is staffed appropriately with member life, non-life, finance and actuary in place. We would rather not have regulations every one month. Work is happening and each of the regulations including bancassurance, expense of management, e-commerce and health are drastic where discussions are on. I would rather have them happening at the right pace, than too quick a pace. India is too vast a country to be straitjacketed with one view; you need to take everybody's views. I am happy that they are on with the process. What is happening on the Foreign Direct Investment front? Discussions are happening in every company. My sense is that given that it is a big change, money will not start pouring in tomorrow. The first Rs 5,000-10,000 crore will come in this year through IPOs and then over the next eight to 10 years Rs 40,000-50,000 crore will come in. More than FDI, what is important is the fact that India gets on a global map and foreign partners feel that it is worth investing a bit more time in India. India is the fifteenth largest market in terms of premium, but the seventh biggest market in terms of GDP. Why should we be fifteenth in premium? There is lot of work yet to be done. For example, from Metlife we are getting some product benefit, on the e-commerce front there is lot of stuff that is happening globally, but India is far behind despite e-retailing. India has to learn innovative processes. Those will get affected first and will have more long-term impact on the sector. It will allow the sector to grow and people can bring in money as and when they want to. How has the growth been in bancassurance? In bancassurance, growth has been about 20%, but the company has grown faster. But bancassurance is still the biggest channel. Last year the contribution from bancassurance to total sales was 60%. It may have come down to 57-58%, because other channels have been growing-direct and agency. Besides, we are still waiting for the final guidelines on bancassurance to be issued. Our sense is that mostly it will be optional. Which channels or products will drive growth this year? Growth will be all round. Our policies to customers ratio is 1:1. That means to every customer you have sold only 1.1 policies. For any healthy company, the ratio should be closer to 2. At every touch point we are trying to understand if we can come back and sell something more. That is where data analytics will help. When we talk about living benefits, it means we want to offer a product for every lifestage- for children, for marriage, for health. There is no reason why a customer should not come back to us and be willing to buy something else if they like the experience. A lot depends on experience. It could be the website, interaction with our employees. The customer should feel taken care of. We want a long-term relationshp, so honing up touchpoints is very critical.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of MetLife, Inc. was 39.37151336669922 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of MetLife, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "39.50571823120117",
 "date": "2015-08-03",
 "ticker": "MET",
 "company": "MetLife, Inc."
}