{
 "context": "The following article called 'Citigroup Appoints Elinor Hoover as Co-Head of Investment Banking' was published on 2015-10-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCitigroup Appoints Elinor Hoover as Co-Head of Investment Banking Citigroup Appoints Elinor Hoover as Co-Head of Investment Banking In her new role as the Co-Head of Investment Banking, she will be sharing the position with Jeffrey Schackner, Citi\u2019s other co-head. Advertising Print This Post Photo: Bloomberg \nCitigroup has promoted Elinor Hoover to the role of Co-Head of Investment Banking for Consumer Products, her latest executive role in her four years with the lender, according to a recent Reuters report. \nIn her new role as the Co-Head of Investment Banking, she will be sharing the position with Jeffrey Schackner, Citi\u2019s other co-head. \nMs. Hoover joined Citigroup back in 2011 and has been taken roles as its Vice Chairman of Capital Markets and also its Co-Head of Financial Strategy and Solutions. Prior to landing at Citigroup however, she worked for more than a decade at Morgan Stanley in a number of senior level roles. \nThis included most recently as its Vice Chairman of Global Capital Markets at Morgan Stanley, as well as its North American Co-Head of Fixed Income Capital Markets and Corporate Derivatives. \nBack in late July, Citigroup secured the services of Joe Bond , the former executive at foreign exchange (FX) and contracts-for-difference (CFD) provider Abshire-Smith. Following the move, Mr. Bond shifted gears to work as Citigroup\u2019s Associate Vice President (AVP) of Treasury Sales. In this capacity he has since been based out of Citi\u2019s London branch, where he has focused on steering the lender\u2019s treasury sales for UK clientele. Got a news tip? Let Us Know FOUND A MISTAKE\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was 43.9113883972168 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "45.61692810058594",
 "date": "2015-10-15",
 "ticker": "C",
 "company": "Citigroup, Inc."
}