{
 "context": "The following article called 'Satya Nadella's favorite Microsoft app now lets you give your coworkers a gold star' was published on 2015-10-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nThu, Oct 1, 2015, 22:23 BST - UK Markets closed Satya Nadella's favorite Microsoft app now lets you give your coworkers a gold star By Matt Weinberger | Business Insider \u2013 19 minutes ago \n(Microsoft ) Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella talks to the troops Microsoft Delve now lets you praise your coworkers for a job well done with a feature called \u2014 wait for it \u2014 Praise. \nPraise is being added to Delve , a Microsoft Office 365 app that scans your email, calendar, documents, and whatever else to surface the stuff you need to see. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is reportedly a huge fan of the app. Delve is kind of like Facebook's social graph search, only applied to work: It provides a real-time news feed for what everybody in a team is working on, using data ganked from the Microsoft Office family of apps in real time. \nNow, it's getting a little more like Facebook, according to a recent Microsoft blog post. \nWhen you see a coworker doing good work, you can Praise them, which notifies that person and their supervisor. That praise is publicly viewable, and additional coworkers can heap on the praise by adding Facebook-style Likes. It's a way of saying \"gold star for you, fellow employee.\" (Microsoft) \nIf you want to heap on the positivity, Delve now lets you flag certain posts as \"Favorites,\" essentially turning it into a bookmark. But those favorites are only visible to you. \nFinally, Delve is also getting a new \"authoring canvas,\" which is a fancy way of saying that you can write blog entries and make custom web pages that you can share out across the Delve network. \nPraise is coming to the early feature adopter users of Microsoft Office 365 in the USA starting on Thursday, and Favorites goes worldwide to early adopters then too. The authoring canvas is starting to roll out to Microsoft's business customers on Thursday as well. \nIn general, Microsoft seems to be investing heavily in making its Office apps both smart and familiar to use. In all cases, it seems like that boils down to making them more like Facebook.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was 40.099365234375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was ",
 "expected": "41.91511535644531",
 "date": "2015-10-02",
 "ticker": "MSFT",
 "company": "Microsoft Corporation"
}