{
 "context": "The following article called 'Reliance Capital deal: CCI lets off Sumitomo Mitsui without fine' was published on 2015-08-04. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! NEW DELHI: Fair trade regulator CCI has found violation of competition norms by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank while seeking nod for its deal with Reliance Capital, but has let it off without imposing a penalty after considering \"facts and circumstances\". The Rs 371 crore deal, wherein the Japanese firm acquired 2.77 per cent in Reliance Capital, was approved by the Competition Commission of India (CCI) in February this year. However, the regulator later found that Sumitomo Mitsui failed to provide complete information about its interests in India. In a detailed order made public today, CCI said it has decided not to impose any penalty on Sumitomo Mitsui but emphasised that all entities should provide complete information about their business activities while seeking approval for proposed combinations. According to CCI, Sumitomo Mitsui did not provide details regarding its stake in Ambit Investment Advisors Pvt Ltd (AIAPL) as well as about the horizontal overlap in business activities with Reliance Capital. Consequently, a show cause notice was issued to the Japanese firm regarding \"potential contraventions of the Competition Act on account of omission to furnish material information and making of false statements\". After taking into consideration the response to the show cause notice, facts and circumstances of the case as well as the averments made by Sumitomo Mitsui, CCI said it \"is not inclined to impose penalty\" on the entity, according to the order dated July 16. As per the deal, Reliance Capital plans to foray into the banking sector with Sumitomo Mitsui as a strategic partner, as and when the RBI policy permits. While passing the order, CCI has also reiterated that the notifying parties are expected to provide complete and correct information while seeking approval for combinations. \"Penalty may also be imposed under the relevant provisions of the (Competition) Act, particularly in those combination cases where material information which is required to be provided in the notice is not given and is furnished only upon inquiry by the Commission,\" the order said. CCI said that its assessment of a combination proceeds on the basis that necessary information has been supplied to it at the first instance in the notice. \"Since the timelines regarding assessment of combination cases is very strict, the Commission cannot waste its time and resources seeking information from the parties to the combination which ought to have been provided in the notice itself,\" it added.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Crown Castle International Corporation was 64.7981948852539 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Crown Castle International Corporation was ",
 "expected": "65.09104919433594",
 "date": "2015-08-04",
 "ticker": "CCI",
 "company": "Crown Castle International Corporation"
}