{
 "context": "The following article called 'New Walmart development will lead San Antonio retail market' was published on 2015-07-28. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCourtesy Walmart Walmart\u2019s Neighborhood Market concept have made their local debut and are expanding\u2026 more Functional retail space in San Antonio is at a premium as occupancy rates continue to climb and the demand for space hits new highs. And once Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is factored into the outlook, that picture becomes even brighter. While new retail construction picks up speed \u2014 especially in Northwest San Antonio \u2014 Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) has become the dominating force among anchor tenants in the city. According to The Weitzman Group's Mid-Year 2015 retail report, small-shop space will continue to be built alongside strong anchors such as Walmart, a trend that will only continue to tighten the market for available space. But the difference between Walmart and other big box stores such as Target, Sears, Kohls or Bed Bath & Beyond is that the retail giant is tapping into another exploding market in San Antonio: grocery. A majority of new retail space in the city has been dedicated toward grocer tenants, and many are expanding their presence here to accommodate San Antonio's growing population and increased residential construction. Even more, as the mid-year report states, grocery is one of the few retail segments where online competition hasn't been able to get much traction. Walmart, on track to add more space than any other retailer in the city, will be opening two new Supercenters and four Neighborhood Market locations over the next 12 months or so. With large-user tenants on the decline in San Antonio \u2014 Home Depot, Target and Best Buy aren't building the way they were in pre-recession days \u2014 Walmart's growth in various San Antonio submarkets are likely to spark a flurry of nearby small-scale retail development. And having its anchor-like presence in any given area will also drive rents upward. Weitzman's report found that asking retail rents in San Antonio have remained stable, but over the past 18 months, Class A retail centers have maintained strong increases. Average Class A asking rents for small-shop in-line spaces in strong retail centers, including new construction, now range between $25 per square foot to $30 per square foot. Class B averages between $18 to $22 per square foot, and Class C asking rates range between $12 to $16 per square foot. So for a retail user that wants a prime location within a bustling shopping center next door to a Walmart Neighborhood Market, they will need to be prepared for some serious sticker shock. \nWant San Antonio Retailing & Restaurants news in your inbox? Sign up for our free email newsletters. Home of the Day\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 61.73698043823242 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "62.47216796875",
 "date": "2015-07-28",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}