{
 "context": "The following article called 'Senior Project Analyst at Advantage Technical Resourcing (Palo Alto, CA)' was published on 2015-08-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSource: Dice Job Description You will be Responsible for performing data analysis and interpretation in support of a non-technical project team This position is based in Palo Alto, California, and reports to the Project Analyst, Procure to Pay in Palo Alto, CA. Other Responsibilities include Participate in andor lead requirements gathering sessions for new system requirements or enhancements to existing systems for finance self-service procure to pay applications such as procurement and projects. This role will assist stakeholder groups through the process design and implementation process. Develop high quality documentation throughout the duration of each project, including capturing process objectives, design decisions, and processesworkflow requirements. Develop and support end-to-end testing strategies, partner with key users and IT and providing metrics for testing to upper management. Participate in the design and documentation of applicable training materials or user guides for projects. Assist in financial policy and procedure development. Recommend processes and audit procedures to ensure SOX controls compliance and maintenance of controls following program implementation. Support current finance business processes and cross train with team members in the Finance Systems Operations (IT) team, as appropriate. The qualified candidate will possess excellent issue identification and resolution skills and partner with other cross-functional teams. Participate in teamstaffproject meetings as scheduled and assigned. Skills B.S. degree in Business Administration and Accounting. 3-4 years in procurement projects with large ERP systems 4-5 years of experience required in the areas of Finance APGL or in Payroll andor Stock systems experience with SAAS solutions like Workday, Concur, Coupa is required. Additional experience with other systems such as PeopleSoft, ADP, and ETrade EEO would be considered a significant differentiator. Knowledgeexperience with some of the following Advanced Excel, Microsoft Visio and Power Point. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Excellent analytical and problem-solving are critical. The qualified candidate would be able to think through issues and provide well-developed and workable solutions which contemplate the end-to-end process. Excellent organizational skills to be able to thrive in a fast-paced, multi-tasking environment. Must be very comfortable engaging with business stakeholders globally and with internal IT partners, as well as with vendors and external project teams. Must have a positive, and energetic attitude and a strong desire to provide excellence in stakeholder engagement, and in change management activities. Must be able to work independently, be a team player, and show ability to work well and accurately under pressure and time constraints. Advantage Technical Resourcing delivers highly skilled engineers and IT specialists for our clientsrsquo most critical technical projects. We provide on-demand contract workers, focused project teams, or permanent hires. With engineering and information technology divisions offering staffing and specialized solutions dedicated to the automotive, marine, manufacturing, energy, healthcare, high technology, financial services, telecommunications, and consumer services industries, we can efficiently staff even the most complex initiative. Each year, we place more than 20,000 technical professionals, serving clients in thirty countries around the globe. Advantage Resourcing offers a competitive compensation package as well as a comprehensive benefits package and 401 (k) plan. Advantage Resourcing Americas, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer offering employment without regard for race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, gender, marital status, age, sexual orientation, sex, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected categories. Advantage is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. 4-5 years of experience required in the areas of Finance AP/GL or in Payroll and/or Stock systems experience with SAAS solutions like Workday, Concur, Coupa is required.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. was 67.98441314697266 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "65.11450958251953",
 "date": "2015-08-30",
 "ticker": "ADP",
 "company": "Automatic Data Processing, Inc."
}