{
 "context": "The following article called 'Huron Completes Cloud62 Acquisition to Augment Portfolio' was published on 2015-10-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nHuron Completes Cloud62 Acquisition to Augment Portfolio By Zacks Equity Research 6 hours ago \ue071 Content preferences Done Business consulting services provider Huron Consulting Group Inc HURN recently closed the acquisition of cloud-based services firm Cloud62 for an undisclosed amount. Cloud62 specializes in complex implementations of Salesforce.com, an online sales and services platform, which provides enterprise cloud computing applications. The acquisition is likely to expand Huron\u2019s Salesforce.com offerings to clients across multiple industries, including healthcare, higher education, manufacturing, retail and financial services. Cloud62 will be a part of Huron's EPM (Enterprise Performance Management) & Analytics Practice. Cloud62 will be included in the Huron Business Advisory segment, which includes the EPM & Analytics practice for reporting purposes. In an increasingly competitive market, innovation and efficient services remain the value drivers for companies. Huron expects to offer such solutions by leveraging data within the enterprise. With complimentary service offerings and operating cultures, the combined company is likely to extend its client portfolio in the near future, thereby augmenting revenues. With in-depth analysis, customized advice and tailor-made solutions for sustainable and measurable results, Huron helps clients in diverse industries to improve performance, reduce costs, leverage technology, address regulatory changes and stimulate growth. The company offers consulting services to healthcare organizations, leading academic institutions, Fortune 500 companies, governmental entities and law firms. Huron currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Other stocks that look promising in the industry include Hill International, Inc HIL, carrying a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) along with FTI Consulting, Inc. FCN, and The Hackett Group, Inc HCKT, both carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Hill International, Inc. was 3.2100000381469727 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Hill International, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "3.6600000858306885",
 "date": "2015-10-02",
 "ticker": "HIL",
 "company": "Hill International, Inc."
}