{
 "context": "The following article called 'Italian Service Bureau, ZARE, Cuts Manufacturing Costs for Aerospace and Automotive by 50% with Stratasys 3D Printing' was published on 2015-07-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCompare Brokers Italian Service Bureau, ZARE, Cuts Manufacturing Costs for Aerospace and Automotive by 50% with Stratasys 3D Printing Using additive manufacturing to produce end-use parts, the company has reduced total cost per part by around 30% Stratasys Ltd. 12 minutes ago \ue071 ZARE directly manufactures air conditioning ducts for aircraft using FAA-approved ULTEM 9085(TM) thermoplastic \u2026 \nMINNEAPOLIS & REHOVOT, Israel--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- \nStratasys Ltd. (Nasdaq:SSYS), a leading global provider of 3D printing and additive manufacturing solutions, has today announced that Italian Service Bureau, ZARE , has halved production costs for its direct manufacturing customers in automotive and aerospace since investing in a fleet of Stratasys Fortus 3D Production Systems. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150722005097/en/ \nFollowing the longstanding success of using Stratasys PolyJet and FDM 3D printing for prototyping applications, the company now deploys its Fortus 3D Production Systems to expand its direct manufacturing services to customers. This spans a spectrum of traditional manufacturing applications, including injection molding, tooling and the production of final parts. \n\u201cAfter a steady decline in traditional manufacturing business, the introduction of Stratasys Fortus FDM technology has given us a significant edge over our competition and has enabled us to reduce manufacturing costs for our aerospace and automotive customers by 50 percent,\u201d says Andrea Pasquali, R&D Manager of ZARE. \u201cThis has been key to revitalising our direct manufacturing business, as we can quickly produce durable end-use parts for our customers in the final material. We have seen a substantial reduction in iteration costs and turnaround times, and we have reduced the cost per final part by around 30 percent.\u201d \nPasquali explains: \u201cFor one customer, we tested a 3D printed prototype of an aerospace pipe that we produced in high performance ULTEM 9085 thermoplastic material. However, with the material\u2019s high strength-to-weight ratio and FST (flame, smoke and toxicity) rating, we quickly realised that we could go beyond functional prototype testing and actually manufacture final-parts that match the strength of metal. \n\u201cBy replacing metal-manufactured parts with high performance thermoplastics, our customers can meet a vital requirement of aircraft manufacturing by reducing overall weight, while maintaining production quality and adhering to passenger safety requirements. A great example of this is the use of additive manufacturing to directly manufacture lightweight air conditioning ducts for aircraft.\u201d \nAdditive Manufacturing Driving 50% of Aerospace and Automotive Production \nThe expansion of additive manufacturing services to include both prototyping and direct manufacturing has had a positive impact across the business, not only for aerospace, but also automotive manufacturing. According to Pasquali, applications for these two sectors now account for nearly 50 percent of ZARE\u2019s operations thanks to the advanced 3D printing materials available from Stratasys. \nPasquali explains: \u201cThe wide range of materials at our disposal enables us to select characteristics that match those of traditional manufactured parts at a fraction of the weight and cost. For example, leveraging its high UV-stability, we now manufacture car bumpers in ASA and headlights in PC-ABS, which combines both the superior strength and heat resistance of PC and the flexibility of ABS.\u201d \nDavide Ferrulli, Stratasys' Italian Territory Manager concludes: \u201cAs ZARE demonstrates, the use of additive manufacturing for the production of production parts in key industries such as aerospace and automotive offers a fast and cost-effective way to improve areas of the traditional manufacturing process. With our materials advancing, customers are finding that they can build more parts than ever before with parallel strength and durability to those traditionally manufactured.\u201d \nStratasys Ltd . (Nasdaq:SSYS), headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota and Rehovot, Israel, is a leading global provider of 3D printing and additive manufacturing solutions. The company's patented FDM \u00ae and PolyJet\u2122 3D Printing technologies produce prototypes and manufactured goods directly from 3D CAD files or other 3D content. Systems include 3D printers for idea development, prototyping and direct digital manufacturing. Stratasys subsidiaries include MakerBot and Solidscape, and the company operates the digital parts manufacturing service, Stratasys Direct Manufacturing. Stratasys has more than 3,000 employees, holds over 800 granted or pending additive manufacturing patents globally, and has received more than 25 awards for its technology and leadership. Online at: www.stratasys.com or http://blog.stratasys.com \nFDM, Stratasys, and Objet are registered trademarks, and PolyJet is a trademark of Stratasys Ltd and or its affiliates or subsidiaries. ULTEM 9085 TM is a trademark of SABIC or its affiliates or subsidiaries \nAttention Editors, if you publish reader-contact information, please use: USA +1-877-489-9449\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Stratasys, Ltd. was 33.529998779296875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Stratasys, Ltd. was ",
 "expected": "33.630001068115234",
 "date": "2015-07-22",
 "ticker": "SSYS",
 "company": "Stratasys, Ltd."
}