{
 "context": "The following article called 'ANA to get Airbus backing as creditors vote on Skymark sponsor -sources' was published on 2015-08-05. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n* Rival plan has put forward Delta as a sponsor \n* At stake is access to 36 slots at Tokyo's Haneda airport \n* Decision on vote on rival plans due at 0530 GMT (Adds details on voting, Airbus and Rolls-Royce comment) \nBy Maki Shiraki and Tim Kelly \nTOKYO, Aug 5 (Reuters) - ANA Holdings Inc (Other OTC: ALNPF - news ) will get the backing of Airbus Group (Swiss: AIR.SW - news ) in a crucial vote by creditors on Wednesday to pick a sponsor for bankrupt Japanese discount carrier Skymark Airlines Inc, three sources with knowledge of the matter said. \nThat increases the likelihood that ANA will win the sponsorship role as creditors choose between a plan led by Japan's biggest carrier and a rival proposal for Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL - news ) to help turnaround the failed carrier. \nCreditors will vote in two rounds - the first where each vote is weighted to the amount each creditor is owed, while the second will give each of the 197 creditors an equal vote. A plan must gain a majority vote in both rounds for a sponsor to be approved. \nA decision is expected at 2.30 p.m. Tokyo time (0530 GMT). The sources declined to be identified ahead of the vote. A spokesman for Airbus declined to comment. \nAt stake is access to 36 landing and take off slots at Tokyo's crowded Haneda airport which are operated by Skymark and which would help ANA cement its growing domestic dominance over local rival Japan Airlines. \nFor Delta, a win would give it a base at Asia's second-busiest hub and a bigger presence in Japan were it does not have an alliance partner. \nAirbus is Skymark's second biggest creditor with 28.9 percent of its debt. The Delta plan has been put forward by leasing firm Intrepid Aviation which has 38.1 percent of its debt. \nAn official in Tokyo for Skymark's No. 3 creditor, jet engine maker Rolls-Royce Holdings which has 15.7 percent of its debt, declined to comment. \nANA, its affiliates and partners together have about half of the 465 domestic slots at Haneda. JAL controls 184.5 of the daily landing rights. \n(Reporting by Maki Shirakin and Tim Kelly; Additional reporting by Chang-Ran Kim; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was 41.889949798583984 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "41.731327056884766",
 "date": "2015-08-05",
 "ticker": "DAL",
 "company": "Delta Air Lines, Inc."
}