{
 "context": "The following article called 'Fund managers and ARCs seek US-style bankruptcy law from RBI to cleanse banks of NPAs' was published on 2015-08-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: Private equity fund managers and asset reconstruction companies have told Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan that the absence of a bankruptcy law and banks' reluctance to take bigger losses were stumbling blocks in his efforts to cleanse the banking system of bad loans. At a meeting with Rajan on July 28 to find a solution to the never-ending saga of stressed assets, top financiers from Singapore's Temasek Holdings and buyout giant Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. to Kotak Mahindra Bank said the legal system needed to move in tandem if the regulator's path-breaking changes effected in January 2014 were to work, said four people familiar with discussions at the meeting. \"It will be a brave move by RBI,\" said the managing director of a private equity fund who was present at the meeting but didn't want to be named. \"If the apex bank can make provisions like the bankruptcy code in the US, then PE funds will flock here.\" The central bank did not respond to an e-mail sent on the weekend seeking comments regarding the meeting. State Bank of India chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya and Kotak Mahindra Bank vice chairman Uday Kotak were also present at the meeting, said the people cited above. Representatives from private equity firms Multiples Asset Management, Piramal Realty and Kotak Realty were also among the attendees. JAN 2014 CHANGES The bad loans position of Indian banks has been worsening in the past few years as an economic slowdown and bad credit decisions have led to numerous defaults. To cleanse the system of stressed assets, the central bank made several changes in January 2014, shedding its traditional conservatism. This included leveraged buyouts and permitting lenders to spread losses over two years. It also sought to punish borrowers who don't cooperate in resolving bad debts by making future credit expensive. Despite these measures, banks' stressed assets have been climbing. Gross bad loans in the banking industry are at 4.45 per cent of total loans. If restructured loans are added, then total stressed assets are at 10.9 per cent. For state-run banks, the average is higher at 13.2 per cent. Governor Rajan has been trying to make banks recognise the problem and not sweep them under the carpet as they could come back to hurt them in the future. \"This is short-sighted, especially on the part of the banks,'' Rajan said last November. \"Today, the market does not distinguish much between non-performing loans and restructured loans, preferring to call them both stressed loans and discounting bank value accordingly. Mutilating Shakespeare, an NPA by any other name smells as bad! Indeed, because forbearance makes bank balance sheets opaque, they may smell worse to analysts and investors.\" RELUCTANT BANKERS But bank chairmen, who typically have short tenures, don't want big write-offs and the offloading of bad loans at a huge discount under their watch as this could invite corruption charges later. Asset reconstruction companies say banks' reluctance to take a bigger haircut leaves little on the table for them. \"We are keen to invest money in the NPAs (non-performing assets) provided the lenders offer us an attractive price and give us the entire loan rather than sharing with different ARCs,\" said another managing director of a PE fund who attended the meeting. A telling figure is the drop in security receipts redeemed by asset reconstruction companies, down to 27 per cent in fiscal 2015 from 42 per cent a year ago. ARCs issue security receipts to banks when they purchase bad loans and redeem them as and when the loans are repaid after turning around the company. Meanwhile, ARCs are handicapped by lack of capital. The net worth of 13 ARCs is at Rs 4,000 crore when stressed assets run into lakhs of crores of rupees. \"Banks need to react more quickly and in a concerted way to borrower distress,\" Rajan has said. \"The longer the delay in dealing with the borrower's financial distress, the greater the loss in enterprise value.\"  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Genpact Limited was 21.24057960510254 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Genpact Limited was ",
 "expected": "21.278833389282227",
 "date": "2015-08-03",
 "ticker": "G",
 "company": "Genpact Limited"
}