{
 "context": "The following article called 'To regulate or not to regulate? EU to launch study on Uber' was published on 2015-08-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nSat, Aug 29, 2015, 02:47 BST - UK Markets closed To regulate or not to regulate? EU to launch study on Uber Reuters - UK Focus \u2013 3 hours ago \n(Repeats story with no changes to text) \nBy Julia Fioretti \nAug 28, Brussels (Reuters) - - The European Commission will launch a study in September of the ride-hailing app Uber in an effort to settle legal disputes that have pitched the U.S (Other OTC: UBGXF - news ) . start-up against conventional taxis across Europe, three people familiar with the matter said on Friday. \nSince opening in Paris in 2011, San Francisco-based Uber has run into vehement opposition from taxi drivers, who complain it competes unfairly by bypassing local laws on licensing and safety. \nUber has responded by submitting complaints to the European Commission against German and Spanish court bans, as well as a new French law on taxis. \nThe study will attempt to determine the legal instruments Brussels might use to decide whether Uber is a transport service or just a digital service, an EU official said. \nUber argues it is a digital platform that connects willing drivers with customers. Being considered a transport service might make it subject to stricter rules on licensing, insurance and safety. \nThe study will review the regulatory regimes for taxi services in all member states and assess if an EU-wide framework is needed. Currently, taxis and vehicle-with-chauffeur services are regulated at a national level. \n\"This investigation appears to indicate that the European Commission believes that the manner in which the taxi and private hire sectors are currently regulated in some member states is dysfunctional and is no longer fit for purpose, not to mention new barriers to entry for innovative, technology-based services such as ridesharing,\" an Uber spokeswoman said. \nThe study will run in parallel with a case at the European Union's top court that could set a precedent for legal battles across the continent. However, it is likely the European Court of Justice will rule before the completion of the study, expected around June next year. \nIn the meantime, the Commission will also continue assessing the complaints against France, Germany and Spain. \nIn May, the Commission asked France for more information on its new taxi law, which Uber says favours regular taxis at its expense. \nThe Commission has previously said it welcomes innovative services such as Uber as part of the so-called sharing economy - where individuals are put in touch with others offering services, such as travel or accommodation. \nHowever, businesses such as Uber should not circumvent national laws on taxation, safety and social aspects, EU Transport Commissioner Violeta Bulc said in a letter to a member of the European Parliament in February. \nThe sharing economy has flummoxed policymakers, torn between promoting innovative services and ensuring that incumbent industries can still compete on fair grounds. \"There needs to be a middle way\", said an EU official. (Reporting by Julia Fioretti; Editing by Dan Grebler)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was 28.532146453857422 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was ",
 "expected": "27.56087875366211",
 "date": "2015-08-29",
 "ticker": "DB",
 "company": "Deutsche Bank AG"
}