{
 "context": "The following article called 'MoneyGram Consumer Alert: Imposter Scams on the Rise' was published on 2015-07-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nDALLAS (July 23, 2015) (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MoneyGram (NASDAQ:MGI), a global provider of innovative money transfer services, warns customers to stay alert for imposter scams in which fraudsters posing as federal agents or other government officials demand money in return for not pursuing or pressing criminal charges related to taxes, traffic tickets or other unpaid debts. \nConsumers have reported to the MoneyGram that they have received calls from individuals claiming to be IRS or FBI agents or other government officials. These \"officials\" have threatened them with jail time, deportation and wage garnishments if they don't send money to them or their \"agency\" immediately. The calls can be unsettling, but consumers should remain calm. \n\"Although the imposters are very convincing, customers should never send money to someone they don't know, especially a stranger who calls and asks for money,\" says Kim Garner, MoneyGram's senior vice president of Global Security. \"We want customers to know that a real government agency will not use the phone to request payments for fees, fines or back taxes.\" \nAccording to the Federal Trade Commission, imposter scams were the third most common consumer fraud complaint in 2014. MoneyGram remains vigilant in detecting and preventing imposter scams and urges consumers to think carefully about requests from purported government agencies to send money via MoneyGram. \nConsumers who think they may have been a victim of an imposter scam should file a police report, even if only a small amount of money was lost. Reporting a crime helps law enforcement apprehend the imposters and prevent future scams. MoneyGram also urges consumers to report the imposter scam to the company via its website www.moneygram.com or toll-free number 1-800-926-9400 if they believe MoneyGram was used to wire money as a result of a scam. \nMoneyGram has taken a leadership position in consumer fraud education and is the founding member of the Scam Awareness Alliance, a nonprofit organization that provides information about scams. Consumers can learn more at scamawareness.org. \n#moneygramnews \nAbout MoneyGram International, Inc. \nMoneyGram is a global provider of innovative money transfer services and is recognized worldwide as a financial connection to friends and family. Whether online, or through a mobile device, at a kiosk or in a local store, we connect consumers any way that is convenient for them. We also provide bill payment services, issue money orders and process official checks in select markets. More information about MoneyGram International, Inc. is available at moneygram.com . \nAbout The Scam Awareness Alliance \nThe Scam Awareness Alliance, founded by MoneyGram International, Inc. , was created to raise awareness around common scams that target innocent Americans on a daily basis. The Alliance helps to provide tips and information in order to educate people to recognize the \"red flags\" that may indicate potential scams, and arm them with information that they can use to protect themselves and their loved ones. One of the ways the Alliance raises awareness of scams is through a series of public service announcements . These ads air on stations across the country and depict common scams; helping everyday Americans recognize the \"red flags.\" The Alliance also created a monthly \"Red Flag Award, \" which it gives to organizations, individuals or groups that go the extra mile in warning Americans about the latest and most damaging scams. CONTACT: Media Contact: Michelle Buckalew info@scamawareness.org 214.244.3702 Source: MoneyGram International, Inc. \nNews Provided by Acquire Media\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was 8.34000015258789 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "8.130000114440918",
 "date": "2015-07-23",
 "ticker": "MGI",
 "company": "Moneygram International, Inc."
}