{
 "context": "The following article called 'Criminals fake identities to steal money' was published on 2015-07-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCriminals home in on banks to create \u2018imposter\u2019 accounts James Pickford \u00a9Reuters \nCurrent accounts have overtaken mortgages as the financial product of choice for fraudsters, underscoring the need for banks to bolster their defences as they incorporate new technology into their systems. \nFigures from Experian, the credit scoring company, showed that 89 out of every 10,000 requests for a current account were made by imposters, surpassing the previously top-ranking category of mortgage application fraud at 83 out of every 10,000 applicants. More Safe deposit boxes From a hot Monet to hot money \nCriminals typically seek to open bank accounts in other people\u2019s names in order to harvest the loan and credit offers associated with them. Identity fraud has soared since 2013, when it accounted for 27 per cent of current account fraud. In the three months to April 2015, this had risen to 49 per cent. \nNick Mothershaw, Experian director of identity and fraud, said part of the rise may be explained by the move to force banks to allow savers to switch accounts within seven days, which offered criminals a chance to probe their defences. Recent figures from the Payments Council showed there had been a 7 per cent year-on-year rise in current account switching . \n\u201cWhile fraudsters may be taking the opportunity to test the security of lenders\u2019 systems, increased detection rates are showing their systems are holding up,\u201d he said. \nFraudsters use false addresses and easily obtainable cards such as retail store cards to build up a plausible electronic picture of credit activity, which banks take as evidence that they are dealing with a genuine applicant. \nIf successful, some will use the account as a \u201cspringboard\u201d into other financial products, such as mortgages, loans or credit cards, or making applications for high value items such as cars or electronic goods. Alternatively, organised crime gangs may take advantage of the account\u2019s fictitious identity to launder money without fear of reprisal. \nMr Mothershaw said it was now possible to spot fraud where someone was using the same device, such as a smartphone, to apply for multiple accounts in different names. He added that Experian is working with banks to trial a new system to fight identity fraud using smartphones or computers equipped with cameras. \nWhen someone applies for an account online, they will be asked to take and send photographs of identifying documents such as a driving licence or passport. To ensure that the applicant is the person named in the ID document, they will be invited during the same session to send a \u201cvideo selfie\u201d via the application software. This is then matched against official records. \nThe data come as the City of London Police this week launched \u201cNot With My Name\u201d, a campaign to alert people to the dangers of identity fraud. Warning that more than one in four people in the UK have fallen victim to an identity crime, the campaign recommended people moving house should redirect their mail for at least a year to prevent fraudsters gaining access to personal information sent through the post to their old address. \nIt also warned against sharing too much information through social networking sites. \u201cOnly make the minimum available (your name) on internet profiles such as Facebook and LinkedIn and don\u2019t post your address or date of birth,\u201d it advised. \nGreater vigilance was urged by Cifas, an anti-fraud representative organisation which is supporting the campaign. Research it published this week found one-third of people fail to update their antivirus software regularly and 31 per cent do not shred letters before throwing them away. Seventy-one per cent of people do not redirect their mail for at least six months after moving house. \nIt found a marked age difference in attitudes to keeping personal information secure. Some 95 per cent of over-65s cut up old credit and debit cards, against 66 per cent of 18-24 year olds. Just 45 per cent of the younger group shred their letters, compared to 83 per cent of their elders. Related Topics Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2015. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Thomson Reuters Corp was 32.51583480834961 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Thomson Reuters Corp was ",
 "expected": "32.76352310180664",
 "date": "2015-07-01",
 "ticker": "TRI",
 "company": "Thomson Reuters Corp"
}