{
 "context": "The following article called 'Shanghai leads Asia markets down, Fed rate move in focus' was published on 2015-09-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nMon, Sep 14, 2015, 07:30 BST - UK Markets open in 30 mins. Shanghai leads Asia markets down, Fed rate move in focus AFP \u2013 1 hour 29 minutes ago View Photo \n\nShanghai led a regional markets sell-off on Monday after another round of disappointing Chinese data at the weekend, with investors concentrating on a crucial US interest rate decision at the end of the week. \nThere was little reaction to news that Beijing intends to overhaul its vast state-owned firms in a bid to give a boost to the world's number two economy, while an earlier rally in some riskier assets petered out. \nChina on Sunday released another set of figures that underline weakness in its huge economy -- the main driver of global growth -- following soft reports last week. \nThe government said growth in industrial production increased below expectations in August while retail sales accelerated a little more than forecast. \nA gauge of manufacturing this month showed the sector contracting in August, while inflation in consumer prices rose but those at the factory gate fell at their fastest pace in six years owing to slowing overseas demand and a slack property market. \nWhile the data is soft, analysts said it could lead to further monetary easing measures by authorities following five interest rate cuts since November. \nIn equities trade Shanghai sank 3.10 percent by lunch while Hong Kong was 0.10 percent lower. Seoul was almost one percent down. Tokyo slipped 1.50 percent in the afternoon, hit by big losses in telecom firms after media reported comments from Japan's prime minister on the need to reduce mobile phone fees. \nSydney was marginally higher. \nBeijing also unveiled a broad set of reform guidelines Sunday to partly privatise its vast state-owned companies aimed at making them more competitive overseas and increasing transparency. \nThe move comes after leaders in 2013 said they wanted the market to play a greater role in the economy, easing government influence on key sectors such as transport, energy production and arms manufacturing. \n- China overhaul plans - \nAmong the reported changes are efforts to modernise SOEs (state-owned enterprises), improve management of state assets and diversify their ownership structures through \"mixed ownership\" -- or the introduction of \"multiple types of investors\" -- ultimately meaning more private shareholders or capital. \nBut Wu Kan, a Shanghai-based fund manager at JK Life Insurance, said: \"The economic reports don't look good so investors prefer to be on the sidelines. \"The SOE reform rules were widely expected by the market and aren't very detailed, therefore the reaction is limited. The market could fall to a lower level.\" \nThe main focus this week is on the Federal Reserve's policy meeting, with hopes it will hold off hiking borrowing costs until later in the year. \nThe central bank is expected to announce a lift-off before 2016 but its decision has been muddied by the latest bout of volatility to hit global markets caused by concerns about China's economy and after Beijing announced a shock devaluation of its yuan last month. \n\"Trading will remain volatile ahead of the (Fed policy) meeting,\" Bernard Aw, a strategist at IG Asia in Singapore, said. \n\"Sunday's data reinforced concerns about China's economy slowing down. Investors may expect more stimulus in the pipeline, which could provide some support to Chinese equities.\" \nUS dealers ended last week on a high. The Dow jumped 2.05 percent, the S&P 500 climbed 2.07 percent and the Nasdaq (NasdaqGS: NDAQ - news ) rallied 2.96 percent. \nAn initial rally in higher-yielding investments gave way to a move to safety. \nThe dollar edged down to 120.20 yen from 120.57 yen Friday in New York, while the euro was at 136.50 yen against 136.64 yen. The yen is regarded as a safe bet in times of crisis and turmoil. \nHowever, the dollar eased against some emerging market currencies. The South Korean won added 0.12 percent, while the Malaysian ringgit was up 0.11 percent. The Indonesian rupiah was flat. \n- Bloomberg News contributed to this story -\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 140.67230224609375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "143.3911590576172",
 "date": "2015-09-14",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}