{
 "context": "The following article called 'RBA unlikely to cut cash rate again' was published on 2015-10-05. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nView Photo \n\nThe Reserve Bank is tipped to leave the cash rate unchanged on Tuesday, and most economists are predicting there will be no more rate cuts for the foreseeable future. \nAll 14 economists surveyed by AAP expect the RBA to keep the cash rate at two per cent at its October meeting, and only three are predicting that there will be another interest rate cut. \nOf those surveyed six are predicting the the cash rate will be raised late in 2016. \nANZ is predicting a quarter of a percentage point cut in February and another in May, which would take the cash rate down to 1.5 per cent. \nThey cite slowing economic growth and an expectation that the boost to the domestic economy from housing construction and the lower Australian dollar will wane as reasons why the reductions are needed. \nHowever, Westpac chief economist Bill Evans is predicting no moves in the cash rate for the foreseeable future, and says there has been an overreaction to worries about the Chinese economy. \n\"We are predicting a more stable global environment in 2016,\" he said. \nHSBC Australia chief economist Paul Bloxham said the falling Australian dollar will save the RBA from cutting the cash rate. \nThe Australian dollar has dropped 14 US cents since the beginning of the year, and is nine per cent weaker against a basket of currencies representing its major trading partners. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook RBA unlikely to cut cash rate again AAP \nThe Reserve Bank is tipped to leave the cash rate unchanged on Tuesday, and most economists are predicting there \u2026\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated was 23.33319091796875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated was ",
 "expected": "23.722373962402344",
 "date": "2015-10-05",
 "ticker": "RBA",
 "company": "Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated"
}