{
 "context": "The following article called 'Adare Pharmaceuticals Appoints James Jogerst as Vice President, Corporate Development' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFriday, October 16, 2015 10:51AM IST (5:21AM GMT) Adare Pharmaceuticals Appoints James Jogerst as Vice President, Corporate Development N.J., Princeton, United States Adare Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced that James (Jim) Jogerst has joined the Company as Vice President, Corporate Development. He will be based at the Company\u2019s headquarters in Princeton, NJ. \u201cWe are delighted to have Jim join the Adare team. His extensive global experience in the areas of corporate development and M&A within the pharmaceutical and medical device industries will be key to our organization, as we implement our growth plans and strategy,\u201d said John Fraher, President and CEO of Adare Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Jogerst will be responsible for the global Corporate Development function and for the identification, evaluation and execution of new strategic business opportunities, including corporate and asset acquisitions, alliances and partnerships. He will also be involved in all aspects of the corporate development process with an intent to grow Adare as an innovative pharmaceutical company. Mr. Jogerst brings 20 years of business development, licensing, M&A and corporate development experience in pharmaceuticals, medical device and diagnostics as well as in investment banking. He joins Adare from Alcon, a Novartis company, where he was Vice President, Head of Business Development, Licensing and M&A. In this role, Mr. Jogerst led a broad set of company and product acquisitions, licensing and investments. Previously, he held a number of senior roles in investment banking and strategic consulting for ISI Partners, Hoak Breedlove Wesneski & Company and Arthur Andersen. After earning a BA in Economics and Political Science from the University of North Texas, Mr. Jogerst went on to achieve his MBA in Finance and International Business from Pepperdine University. Adare Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was formerly known as Aptalis Pharmaceutical Technologies. About Adare Pharmaceuticals Adare Pharmaceuticals provides enhanced medicines, creating new possibilities for improved patient health. For decades, the company has solved complex formulation, manufacturing and commercialization challenges, resulting in transformational medicines that deliver value to all its stakeholders. Adare Pharmaceuticals has a global presence with R&D, manufacturing and commercial operations in the Unites States, Europe and Canada. For more information, visit www.adarepharma.com .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Novartis AG was 67.71288299560547 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Novartis AG was ",
 "expected": "67.90045166015625",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "NVS",
 "company": "Novartis AG"
}