{
 "context": "The following article called '5 Under The Radar Growth Shares: Carnival plc, Wolseley plc, Interserve plc, Senior plc and Rathbone Brothers plc' was published on 2015-07-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nHere are five growth shares that have been flying under the radar: Carnival \nShares in cruise operator Carnival (LSE: CCL) have had a strong run over the past year, having risen 44% this year. Lower fuel costs and higher onboard spending has helped margins to improve considerably. \nWith time having passed since the Costa Concordia tragedy, passenger numbers have been picking up again thanks to the company's new marketing strategy. Carnival is also betting big in the Chinese cruise market. It already controls a market share of more than 50% there but, with a fast-growing middle class, there is much potential for further growth. \nThe COO expects the Chinese market will grow by more than 20% annually over the next few years, and analysts are just as optimistic, with expectations that underlying EPS will grow by 36% to 163.2 pence in 2015. Wolseley \nBulding materials company Wolseley (LSE: WOS) has benefited from improving economic conditions in the UK. Although construction activity has picked up in the UK, they have not improved as much as they have done so in the US. This should mean that there is further growth potential growth for Wolseley. \nUnderlying EPS has grown by a compound average growth rate of 11.2% over the past three years, even though revenues have fallen 2% to \u00a313.1 billion. Wolseley's cost-efficiency drive has helped to improve margins, and analysts expect it will continue to do so. Underlying EPS is expected to grow by 15% this year to 226.6 pence; which gives its shares a forward P/E of 18.9. Although this may not seem very cheap, Wolseley should be able to continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth for at least another few years. Interserve \nSupport services company Interserve (LSE: IRV) is benefiting from its sizeable contract winnings in 2014, which totalled \u00a32.0 billion. This includes work on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR), Southampton NHS Trust and the Royal National Lifeboat Institution. With the likelihood of further private sector involvement in the provision of public services, the outlook for Interserve seems very bright. \nAnalysts expect underlying EPS will grow 7% this year, to 63.0 pence. Shares in Interserve trade at a very attractive forward P/E of 10.2, and its prospective dividend yield is 3.8%. Senior \nSenior (LSE: SNR), the specialist components manufacturer, is seeing its commercial aviation division benefit from buoyant demand for wide-bodied airplanes. Results for 2014 showed a 5.9% rise in revenues, accompanied by a 4% rise in underlying EPS to 19.84 pence. Analysts expect underlying EPS will grow by another 3% this year, which gives its shares a forward P/E of 13.7. Rathbone Brothers \nRathbone Brothers (LSE: RAT), the UK provider of personal wealth management services, is seeing strong growth in funds under management (FUM). FUM grew 6.3% in the first quarter alone, having benefited from reasonable strong investment performance and sizeable net inflows from organic growth. In addition, recent acquisitions have increased the company's scale and reach to private clients. \nAnalysts expect underlying EPS will grow 15% this year, to 117.5 pence; and this gives its shares a forward P/E of 18.5. \nThere's one more stock that has been flying under the radar... \nThe Motley Fool has a free special report on \"A Fast-Growing Pharma Play With Breath-Taking Potential\" . It's about a small-cap company with up to 49% upside potential. \nFind out more about the investment thesis, valuation and the risks for investors -- it's free, and there's no further obligation! Click here to get your free copy. \nJack Tang has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK has no position in any of the shares mentioned.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Carnival Plc ADS ADS was 46.964176177978516 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Carnival Plc ADS ADS was ",
 "expected": "45.4302978515625",
 "date": "2015-07-23",
 "ticker": "CUK",
 "company": "Carnival Plc ADS ADS"
}