{
 "context": "The following article called 'Why Earnings Season Could Be Great for AGCO Corporation (AGCO) - Tale of the Tape' was published on 2015-07-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done \nInvestors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and AGCO Corporation (AGCO) may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report. \nThat is because AGCO Corporation is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings\u2014with the most up-to-date information possible\u2014is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for AGCO in this report. \nIn fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at $1.06 per share for AGCO, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.02 per share. This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for AGCO, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of 3.92% heading into earnings season. \nWhy is this Important? \nA positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10 year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here). \nGiven that AGCO has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for AGCO Corporation, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report. \nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> \nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of AGCO Corporation was 48.09571075439453 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of AGCO Corporation was ",
 "expected": "48.0405387878418",
 "date": "2015-07-27",
 "ticker": "AGCO",
 "company": "AGCO Corporation"
}