{
 "context": "The following article called 'Set up LLC in Dallas (Chris Given)' was published on 2015-07-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Chris Given Jul 8, 2015 Our Business Services answer many questions. Need help setting up an LLC? What states are the most favorable for businesses? Where should I incorporate? Should I dissolve my corporation? What business entity will best suit my current and future needs, while still minimizing my tax obligations? What fringe benefits can I take advantage of? We get these and many other questions frequently. With your CLG tax professional, we'll take the tax complexities of business entities and bring it down to an understandable, personal level. We'll share with you real-world tax reduction strategies for your corporation, LLC or partnership that are often times simple, yet effective. With our familiarity and exposure to a wide array of business industries, we will often uncover tax deductions or tax reduction strategies missed by other tax professionals who lack our real world experience in working with various business entities.Setting up a new business can be tricky,to say the least. An LLC can be setup by state and shield you from personal liability and protect your assets. LLC's are becoming very utilized due to the ease of operation requirements, financials, and overall benefit to those wanting to control their own financial livelihood. There are several options affordable by type of business, objectives, and simplicity in nature. Did you know that CLG can file your paperwork and have you ready to open up in as little as 48-72 hours with certificate of formation plus operating agreements.See our business section for more information and feel free to contact us or request an appointment today to discuss what your business needs are, and gain some feedback on the best type of LLC formation structure may work for you.If you are looking for a firm committed to innovative, yet proven, tax reduction strategies for your business entity coupled with both a theoretical and practical working knowledge of the tax code, we invite you to get started with us today by calling or contacting us by email.This is a service that really pays! Without question, the business clients that pay the lowest amount of taxes each year and are continually in compliance are our monthly or quarterly bookkeeping clients. Why is this? It's simple, really. We become familiar with their finances and have consistently accurate, reliable data with which to work with; we can monitor both their tax and cash situation throughout the year, and recommend appropriate tax reduction strategies. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ellington Financial LLC was 9.443495750427246 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ellington Financial LLC was ",
 "expected": "9.498689651489258",
 "date": "2015-07-08",
 "ticker": "EFC",
 "company": "Ellington Financial LLC"
}