{
 "context": "The following article called 'Leaders from Unilever, Pepsico, Facebook, Vserv, Godrej, Hotstar to Speak at 4th Annual Mobile Marketing Association Forum in India' was published on 2015-09-04. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCompany : Mobile Marketing Association (MMA) Friday, September 4, 2015 2:16PM IST (8:46AM GMT) Leaders from Unilever, Pepsico, Facebook, Vserv, Godrej, Hotstar to Speak at 4th Annual Mobile Marketing Association Forum in India Event to focus on unlocking the mobile toolbox and helping marketers acquire, reach and engage the right consumers effectively New Delhi, Delhi, India \nThe Mobile Marketing Association (MMA) today announced the full speaker line-up and agenda for the upcoming MMA Forum India to be held on 16 th September 2015 at the Leela Ambience Hotel & Residences in Gurgaon, India. Themed Acquiring, Reaching and Engaging the Right Consumers with Mobile, this one-day conference will see prominent experts and thought leaders from across the mobile marketing ecosystem dissect the different components of mobile marketing from programmatic, mobile video, and location, to creativity and innovation. In-depth discussions will reveal new ways in which marketers can harness the power of mobile to keep up with the ever changing needs of today\u2019s discerning consumer. Rahul Welde, Regional Vice President - Media of Unilever, will kick-start this year\u2019s Forum, providing insight into Unilever\u2019s innovative approach to marketing, discussing the opportunities presented by the consumer in his session \u2018Leveraging Mobile To Drive Innovation and Enhance Brand Experiences.\u2019 CVL Srinivas, CEO GroupM will moderate a key panel discussion on key principles to becoming mobile capable with Vipul Prakash, Vice President \u2013 Beverages Category, Pepsico India, Ajit Mohan, Executive Vice President & Head, Digital for Star India and Novi Digital Entertainment Limited, Amrit Thomas, CMO, United Spirits Limited and Amarjit Singh Batra, CEO, OLX India. They will share examples from their client\u2019s perspective and will give insight into how media owners can best work with agencies to build mobile insight and capability so companies can reach a level of maturity quickly and more effectively. The Forum will also see Fergus O\u2019Hare , Head of APAC at Facebook Creative Shop, talk about the creative renaissance in mobile marketing. His session will explore creativity in today\u2019s connected world, the explosion of mobile video and the implication and opportunities for marketers. In addition, Dippak Kurrana, Co -Founder & CEO Vserv will host a Fireside chat with Media Specialist and writer Vanita Kohli-Khandekar on the discovery to transaction in the mobile internet world. The smartphone explosion and ever-evolving technology has brought us closer than ever in achieving the marketer\u2019s ultimate goal of shrinking the intent-purchase gap. This session will see the industry leaders discuss how marketers can get ahead of the curve, to maximize their opportunities and future-proof their strategy. Other key speakers include - Rohit Dadwal, Managing Director, Mobile Marketing Association Asia Pacific Limited Nitin Bawankule, Industry Director, Ecommerce, Local Classifieds & Technology, Google India Shireesh Joshi, Head Strategic Marketing, Godrej Group Joshua Maa, Founder & CEO MADhouse Inc Scott Zalaznik , Head of Global, Strategy, Xad Joe Nguyen, Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific comScore, Inc Nitin Mathur , Senior Director Marketing, Yahoo Asia Pacific Vikas Gulati , Managing Director, Asia Opera Mediaworks Avinash Jhangiani, Managing Director \u2013Digital & Mobility OmnicomMediaGroup Chris Steedman, Managing Director APAC, M&C Saatchi Mobile Anita Nayyar, CEO India & South Asia, Havas Media Group Milind Pathak, COO Madhouse \u2013 South Asia Manav Sethi, Group CMO, ASKME India & Findit Malaysia Jayesh Easwaramony, VP & GM, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa, InMobi Rohit Sharma, CEO & Founder Pokkt Joby Babu, COO, Nimbuzz Internet Media Pvt Limited \n\u201cI am extremely excited about the diverse mix of speakers at this year\u2019s Forum, who will be sharing their insights into how marketers can adapt and reinvent their approaches to mobile marketing to acquire, reach and engage the consumer in line with continuously changing technologies and consumer behaviours,\u201d said Rohit Dadwal , Managing Director, MMA APAC. The MMA Forum India 2015 will conclude with the awards ceremony of the SMARTIES \u2122 INDIA 2015, recognizing the best mobile marketing works in the region. The MMA Forum India 2015 is partnered by Vserv.com, MADhouse, InMobi, Nimbuzz, Opera Mediaworks, Pokkt, Hotstar, Yahoo!, Unites Spirits Limited and Pocket Math. To register and to find more information about the MMA Forum India 2015, including the updated agenda and speaker bios, please visit: http://www.mmaglobal.com/forumindia2015/agenda About the Mobile Marketing Association (MMA) The MMA is the world\u2019s leading global non-profit trade mobile marketing association comprised of more than 800 member companies, from nearly fifty countries around the world. Our members hail from every faction of the mobile marketing ecosystem including brand marketers, agencies, mobile technology platforms, media companies, operators and others. The MMA\u2019s mission is to accelerate the transformation and innovation of marketing through mobile, driving business growth with closer and stronger consumer engagement. Anchoring the MMA\u2019s mission are four core pillars; to cultivate inspiration by driving the innovation for the Chief Marketing Officer; to build the mobile marketing capabilities for the marketing organizations through fostering know how and confidence; to champion the effectiveness and impact of mobile through research providing tangible ROI measurement; and advocacy. Additionally MMA industry-wide committees work collaboratively to develop and advocate global best practices and lead standards development. Mobile Marketing is broadly defined as including advertising, apps, messaging, m-Commerce and CRM on all mobile devices including smart phones and tablets. Members include, American Express, AdChina, Colgate - Palmolive, Dunkin\u2019 Brands, Facebook, Google, Group M, Hewlett Packard, Hilton Worldwide, Kellogg Co., L\u2019Or\u00e9al, MasterCard, McDonalds, Microsoft, Mondelez International, Inc., Pandora Media, Procter & Gamble, R/GA, The Coca-Cola Company, The Weather Company, Unilever, Visa, Vodafone, Walmart, xAd, Zenith Optimedia and many more. The MMA\u2019s global headquarters are located in New York with regional operations in Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA), Latin American (LATAM) and Asia Pacific (APAC). For more information about the MMA please visit www.mmaglobal.com For News Release background on Mobile Marketing Association (MMA) click here Shruti Makharia, ActiMedia Private Limited, +91-9769634753, shruti@actimediaindia.com Roohi Shaikh, ActiMedia Private Limited, +91-9619691940, roohi@actimediaindia.com\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Pepsico, Inc. was 76.72344970703125 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Pepsico, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "76.9233169555664",
 "date": "2015-09-04",
 "ticker": "PEP",
 "company": "Pepsico, Inc."
}