{
 "context": "The following article called 'Market overview: FTSE bounces back as Citi reassures, Deutsche cites Anchorman' was published on 2015-08-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nDBAGF 0.00 \nLONDON (ShareCast) - (ShareCast News) - 0910: After the losses on 'Black Monday', European stock markets have begun Tuesday on the front foot. The FTSE 100 was up 2.13% and the Dax 2.68% after just over an hour, despite Shanghai shares closing down 7.6% to their lowest level since December and Japan's Nikkei falling roughly 4%. Deutsche Bank (Other OTC: DBAGF - news ) felt it an appropriate moment to pull out a quote from a Will Ferrell film: \"As Ron Burgundy said in the film Anchorman 'well, that escalated quickly, really that got out of hand fast!' A lot of people are saying buy the market this morning for a variety of reasons - technicals, fundamentals etc. Has anyone noticed how everything though feels very easy to buy?\" That was from DB's London managing director Nick Lawson. Citi was not quite as jocular, but stressed that the dramatic market events on 'Black Monday' were a correction and not the beginning of a bear market. In a note to clients the US bank said: \"The current correction seems to be driven by concerns about EM / China growth, the fall in commodity prices and market uncertainty over policy responses.\" On its fun-sounding 'bear market checklist', which compares the current conditions to the start of previous bear markets, the recent widening in US high yield spreads means that there are five indicators out of 16 flashing red, compared to 15.5 in 2000 and 12.5 in 2007. \"This suggests that a sustained bear market is still unlikely but we will continue to watch these variables closely.\" 0845 : Royal Dutch Shell (Xetra: R6C1.DE - news ) shares are higher as they recover from a fall from above \u00a317 to below \u00a316 yesterday. The sentiment is positive despite reports of \"increased fears\" that the oil giant's $70bn bid for UK rival BG Group (LSE: BG.L - news ) may be in jeopardy. The Financial Times said, in light of the global stock market sell-off and tumbling oil prices, the gap between the agreed price of several takeovers and the market price of the target companies' shares has widened, as funds that specialise in profiting from these situations have taken fright. Another to be cast into doubt is Tesco (Xetra: 852647 - news ) 's sale of its Korean business. The deadline for the three shortlisted private equity companies to make their bids has already been pushed back to Monday after it was missed last week despite negotiations having been waged for several months, which has now led to Tesco being forced to reduce the asking price for Homeplus, according to the Independent. \n0838 : The FTSE 100's first move was to spark higher, but as it approached the 6,000 mark it rebounded back down before then breaking through the barrier. This comes after Asian-Pacific markets diverged overnight, though Chinese shares remain on their crash course southwards. Shanghai shares are looking like closing down more than 7% and in Tokyo the Nikkei was down close to 4%. However, other markets on the periphery began to diverge, with Australia back in positive territory, helped by a late paring of losses in the US and a recovery in US stock futures (Other OTC: UBGXF - news ) .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was 43.5823974609375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "45.26197814941406",
 "date": "2015-08-25",
 "ticker": "C",
 "company": "Citigroup, Inc."
}