{
 "context": "The following article called 'Alan D. Lewis has been Named a Professional of the Year in Finance' was published on 2015-07-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nEmail This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Alan D. Lewis has been Named a Professional of the Year in Finance Mr. Lewis has become a diversified and seasoned professional in finance after more than 25 years in the industry An experienced professional in financial services, Mr. Lewis boasts 26 years of diversified experience in his field, including seven years as director at his current company. AURORA, CO, July 21,   Alan D. Lewis, Director of ADL Consulting, has been named a Worldwide Branding Professional of the Year in Finance. While inclusion in Worldwide Branding is an honor, only small selections of members in each discipline are chosen for this distinction. These special honorees are distinguished based on their professional accomplishments, academic achievements, leadership abilities, years of service, and the credentials they have provided in association with their Worldwide Branding membership. An experienced professional in financial services, Mr. Lewis boasts 26 years of diversified experience in his field, including seven years as director at his current company. At ADL Consulting, a financial consulting service provider, Mr. Lewis oversees fund and asset management services. He offers to the company his expertise in the areas of economic and financial analysis, risk management, new business development, and client communication. Starting his financial career in 1987 as an equities trader in New York, Mr. Lewis eventually moved into fund management. He had been actively involved as a senior manager at Moore Capital Management, building their business in London. Then, in 2006, he decided he wanted to take on more of an advisory role in the industry. From there, he developed multiple asset management businesses with other partners. One asset management business that Mr. Lewis co-founded was eventually sold to Hermes Management. Before Mr. Lewis embarked on a successful career path he studied at The University of Texas at Dallas. He received a Bachelor of Arts in economics and finance from the university in 1987. In the future, Mr. Lewis intends to continue growing new businesses and consulting in the financial services industry. For more information about Mr. Lewis, please visit https://www.linkedin.com/pub/alan-lewis/18/706/80 .About Worldwide Branding For over 15 years, Worldwide Branding has been the leading, one-stop-shop, personal branding company, both in the United States and abroad. From writing professional biographies and press releases, to creating and driving traffic to personal websites, our team of branding experts tailor each product specifically for our clients' needs. We are dedicated to empowering our 600,000 clients with effective branding tools to help them achieve success. From healthcare to finance to education and law, our constituents represent every major industry and occupation, at all career levels. An international company, we provide our members with access to members in over 52 countries including, the United States, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, France, The Netherlands, Germany, Ireland, Spain, Switzerland, South Africa, Belgium, Mexico, Italy, Brazil, Sweden and The United Arab Emirates, just to name a few. For more information, please visit http://www.worldwidebranding.com . # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of China Cord Blood Corporation was 5.554592609405518 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of China Cord Blood Corporation was ",
 "expected": "5.762518882751465",
 "date": "2015-07-21",
 "ticker": "CO",
 "company": "China Cord Blood Corporation"
}