{
 "context": "The following article called 'Terex Announces Senior Leadership Changes' was published on 2015-08-20. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  Terex Announces Senior Leadership Changes August 20, 2015, 07:01 AM \nTerex Corporation announced the a number of senior executive changes.Tim Ford, currently President, Terex Cranes, is leaving the Company to pursue other opportunities. With Mr. Ford\u2019s departure, Ken Lousberg, currently President of Terex China, will take on the role of President of Terex Cranes as well as the responsibility for Latin America previously with Mr. Ford. While Mr. Lousberg will retain responsibility for China, a Country Leader for our Chinese business will be named as soon as possible to help coordinate our business in China reporting to Mr. Lousberg. Mr. Lousberg joined Terex through the Genie acquisition in 2002 and has held several senior management positions at various Terex operations.George Ellis will take on a new role as Senior Vice President, Operations Planning and President, Terex Construction. In addition to retaining his current responsibilities for Terex Construction, Government Programs and India, Mr. Ellis will assume global responsibility for the Terex Business System, sourcing, transportation, logistics, and manufacturing footprint. Mr. Ellis also joined Terex through the Genie acquisition in 2002 and has held several senior management positions at various Terex operations.Scott Hensel, now Vice President, Terex Services North America has been named to the newly created position of Vice President and Managing Director, Terex Utilities and Services reporting to Ken Lousberg. In this new role, in addition to his current responsibility for managing and growing the North American services business, Mr. Hensel will also have management responsibility for the Terex Utilities business. Mr. Hensel was previously a partner at McKinsey & Company and joined Terex in 2014 to improve and grow the Terex Services North America business.Kieran Hegarty, President, Terex Materials Processing will assume management responsibility for the Terex Fuchs business which will become part of the Terex Materials Processing segment.Ron De Feo, Terex Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, commented, \u201cWhile we expect to achieve substantial synergies with the announced merger with Konecranes, as we think ahead and help position the company for the merger we must continue to organize the company and operate Terex in a way that is best for the business.\u201d Today's Other News\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Terex Corporation was 22.675537109375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Terex Corporation was ",
 "expected": "20.679710388183594",
 "date": "2015-08-20",
 "ticker": "TEX",
 "company": "Terex Corporation"
}