{
 "context": "The following article called 'ANZ Bank may apply for more branch licences in India, looks to hire more' was published on 2015-07-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nANZ Bank may apply for more branch licences in India, looks to hire more By ET Bureau | 21 Jul, 2015, 12.35PM IST   BENGALURU: ANZ Banking Group , Australia's third-biggest bank by market value, may apply for more branch licences in India, even as it is looking to invest, expand and hire more in this country, chief executive Michael Smith said on Monday. The Melbourne-based bank, which inaugurated a technology centre in Bengaluru on Monday, is opening a new branch in Delhi on Tuesday . \"We basically had to set up the original Mumbai operation, then we applied for two additional licences - we have to get those up and running before we apply for more,\" Smith said. When asked whether ANZ would apply for more licences in India, Smith said: \"Yes, probably - while branching is not as essential as it used to be because of the sheer size of the country , it makes sense to.\" ANZ sold its unit Grindlays Bank in India to Standard Chartered in 2000 and shortly after, wound up its business here. It then re-entered the country in 2007. \"Our commitment to India is growing. Certainly, I see it as a very important part of our regional strategy . I think we were probably slower in our build-up of our India business than we should have been and I have to say I'm encouraged by the new government being more business-friendly ,\" said Smith. ANZ employs nearly 7,500 people in India, with about 2,500 in technology operations. \"This new (Bengaluru) centre is a relocation of our Cherry Hills campus, where we were previously in for 15 years,\" said Smith. \"It is primarily IT and ops and we have 2,500 (employees) here ... The commitment and investment in the city has been over many years, but the pace has increased over the last five years.\" Smith praised the Modi government for creating a more \"business-friendly\" environment for multinational companies like ANZ. \"I think India is more significant to us now and that is likely to increase particularly taking into account China's slowing growth,\" said Smith. ANZ, which currently outsources some of its back-office operations to Indian IT firms such as Tata Consultancy Services and Infosys , said it would continue to work with third-party vendors in the near future and hire more data scientists in India for its analytics operations.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Infosys Limited was 6.653082370758057 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Infosys Limited was ",
 "expected": "7.281684875488281",
 "date": "2015-07-21",
 "ticker": "INFY",
 "company": "Infosys Limited"
}