{
 "context": "The following article called 'U.K. Solar Provider Euro Energy Services Selects Enphase Energy as Primary Technology Partner' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nWed, Jul 29, 2015, 10:01 BST - UK Markets close in 6 hrs 29 mins U.K. Solar Provider Euro Energy Services Selects Enphase Energy as Primary Technology Partner Press Release : Enphase Energy, Inc. \u2013 1 minute 55 seconds ago \nMILTON KEYNES, England--(BUSINESSWIRE)-- Nationwide U.K. installer shifts to Enphase solar energy systems to provide quality-driven customer experiences \nEnphase Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ: ENPH), a leading global energy technology company, has been chosen by Euro Energy Services , a major U.K. solar energy firm, as the primary inverter technology partner for its solar photovoltaics projects. A former user of other solar energy conversion technologies, Euro Energy Services switched to Enphase\u2019s groundbreaking technology solutions because of the numerous advantages that Enphase systems provide over other competing technologies. \n\"Having tried other solar technologies, Enphase Energy is without a doubt the most reliable and suitable inverter technology partner for our projects,\" said Paul Maguire, managing director at Euro Energy Services. \u201cEnphase\u2019s microinverter system offers a number of advantages over traditional and hybrid DC technologies, such as higher energy productivity yields, field-proven reliability, seamless design flexibility and ease of installation.\u201d \nThe partnership between Enphase and Euro Energy Services has already brought Enphase software-defined microinverter systems to more than 500 U.K. homes and businesses, representing more than 1.75 MW of installed PV capacity. \n\"Euro Energy Services\u2019 extensive field expertise and know-how has made them a strong and solid force in the U.K. solar industry,\u201d said Simon Baggaley, sales director, U.K. Enphase Energy. \u201cWe are extremely proud that Euro Energy Services has selected Enphase as its technology partner of choice based on the high quality standards of our microinverter systems.\u201d \nEuro Energy Services\u2019 Maguire praised Enphase's in-country team for its excellent on-demand customer support, field application engineering and product training. \u201cThe Enphase team provides an unmatched customer experience. There is no compromise on quality for either the product or the service. It's first class,\" he added. \nFounded in 2010, Euro Energy Services\u2019 specialist renewable energy division has grown from a small operation serving Yorkshire to a nationwide company with installations across the United Kingdom. They have installed more than 5,000 solar PV systems, comprising over 17.5 megawatts (MW) of capacity. A major player in the U.K. solar market, Euro Energy Services has begun to invest heavily in operations and maintenance services, bringing in accredited engineers, energy experts, surveyors and installers to accelerate the expansion of on-site technical support and bolster its highly regarded customer service operations. \nAbout Enphase Energy, Inc. \nEnphase Energy delivers energy management technology for the solar industry that increases energy production, simplifies design and installation, improves system uptime and reliability, reduces fire safety risk and provides a platform for intelligent energy management. Our semiconductor-based microinverter system converts energy at the individual solar module level and brings a systems-based, high technology approach to solar energy generation. Connect with Enphase on Facebook and follow us on Twitter . www.enphase.com \nAbout Euro Energy Services \nEuro Energy Services (EES) is a national energy service company leading the way in energy saving technologies and renewable energy solutions helping domestic, commercial and utility customers across the U.K. save energy, money and CO2. EES accredited team specialise in energy assessments, solar and renewables, intelligent heating controls, energy monitoring systems and energy performance contracts. The company has exacting standards for all their engineers, technicians and installers that are accredited members of the Microgeneration Certification Scheme (MCS) and Renewable Energy Consumer Code (RECC) and operate in accordance with consistent standards which ensures high quality customer services. For more information: Website http://ees-renewables.co.uk/ Twitter https://twitter.com/EES_Renewables Facebook https://www.facebook.com/EuroEnergyServices \nEnphase Energy\u00ae, the Enphase logo and other trademarks or service names are the trademarks of Enphase Energy, Inc. \nForward-Looking Statements \nThis press release may contain forward-looking statements, including statements related to Enphase Energy\u2019s financial performance, market demands for its products, advantages of its technology and market trends. These forward-looking statements are based on the company\u2019s current expectations and inherently involve significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties and other risks detailed in the \u201cRisk Factors\u201d and elsewhere in Enphase Energy\u2019s latest Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports. Enphase Energy undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150729005130/en/ Contact \nAnna Valeria Porta, +39 333 4862364EMEA PR Manager\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Enphase Energy, Inc. was 5.630000114440918 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Enphase Energy, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "5.989999771118164",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "ENPH",
 "company": "Enphase Energy, Inc."
}