{
 "context": "The following article called 'VBI Vaccines Announces Closing of $6.29 Million Private Placement' was published on 2015-08-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nVBI Vaccines Announces Closing of $6.29 Million Private Placement August 18, 2015 08:00 ET | Source: VBI Vaccines, Inc. \nCAMBRIDGE, Mass., Aug. 18,   VBI Vaccines (Nasdaq: VBIV ) (\"VBI\"), a biopharmaceutical company developing novel technologies that seek to expand vaccine protection in large underserved markets, today announced that it has closed a private placement financing led by new investor, RTW Investments, together with existing investors, ARCH Ventures Partners and Perceptive Advisors. \nUnder the terms of the financing, VBI sold an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of its common stock at an average price of $2.0952 per share for total gross proceeds of approximately $6.29 million. \n\"The private placement will help strengthen VBI's balance sheet as we further our mission of innovative vaccine formulation and development of safe and effective prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines,\" said Jeff Baxter, VBI's President and CEO. \"We are very excited for VBI's future prospects and we are grateful to our new and existing investors for their support.\" VBI intends to use the net proceeds of the private placement for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the continued development of its vaccine pipeline. \nThe securities sold in the private placement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and may not be resold absent registration under or exemption from such Act. VBI has agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the restricted shares purchased in the private placement. \nThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sales of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. \nAbout VBI Vaccines Inc. \nVBI Vaccines Inc. (\"VBI\") is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel technologies that seek to expand vaccine protection in large underserved markets. VBI's eVLP vaccine platform allows for the design of enveloped (\"e\") virus-like particle (\"VLP\") vaccines that closely mimic the target virus. VBI's lead eVLP asset is a prophylactic Cytomegalovirus (\"CMV\") vaccine; VBI has initiated work for GMP manufacturing of its CMV candidate for use in formal preclinical and Phase I trials. VBI's second platform is a thermostable technology that enables the development of vaccines and biologics that can withstand storage or shipment at constantly fluctuating temperatures. VBI has completed proof of concept thermostability studies on a number of vaccine and biologic targets. VBI is headquartered in Cambridge, MA with research facilities in Ottawa, Canada.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of VBI Vaccines Inc. was 8.399999618530273 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of VBI Vaccines Inc. was ",
 "expected": "8.399999618530273",
 "date": "2015-08-18",
 "ticker": "VBIV",
 "company": "VBI Vaccines Inc."
}