{
 "context": "The following article called 'Form 8.3 - Steris Corporation' was published on 2015-07-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nall indirect subsidiaries of Millennium Partners, L.P. (c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates: Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree Steris Corporation (d) If an exempt fund manager connected with an offeror/offeree, state this and specify identity of offeror/offeree: (e) Date position held/dealing undertaken: For an opening position disclosure, state the latest practicable date prior to the disclosure 02 July 2015 (f) In addition to the company in 1(c) above, is the discloser making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer? If it is a cash offer or possible cash offer, state \u201cN/A\u201d Synergy Health Plc \n2. POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE \nIf there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security. \n(a) Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any) Class of relevant security: (1) Relevant securities owned and/or controlled: (3) Stock-settled derivatives (including options) and agreements to purchase/sell: 1.098 \nAll interests and all short positions should be disclosed. \nDetails of any open stock-settled derivative positions (including traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions). \n(b) Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors\u2019 and other employee options) Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription right exists: Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant percentages: \n3. DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE \nWhere there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in. \nThe currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated. \n(a) Purchases and sales e.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing a long/short position \n(c) Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options) \n(i) Writing, selling, purchasing or varying Class of relevant security Product description e.g. call option Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc. Number of securities to which option relates Option money paid/ received per unit \n(ii) Exercise \n(d) Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities) Class of relevant security Price per unit (if applicable) \n4. OTHER INFORMATION \n(a) Indemnity and other dealing arrangements Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the person making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer: Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be included. If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state \u201cnone\u201d NONE \n(b) Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other person relating to: (i) the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or (ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced: If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state \u201cnone\u201d NONE Is a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached?\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of STERIS Corporation was 59.727691650390625 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of STERIS Corporation was ",
 "expected": "59.82024002075195",
 "date": "2015-07-03",
 "ticker": "STE",
 "company": "STERIS Corporation"
}