{
 "context": "The following article called 'BHP Billiton to cut SA jobs' was published on 2015-08-10. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nView Photo \n\nMining giant BHP Billiton will cut 380 jobs, mostly from its Olympic Dam mine, after a review of its South Australian operations. \nThe company says the job losses will be finalised by mid-September with workers affected to be offered generous redundancy packages or redeployed to other positions. \nThey add to South Australia's current employment woes, with the state's jobless rate the highest in the country at 7.9 per cent, though BHP says the move is not a reflection of state government policy settings. \n\"Instead it is driven by the global challenges in the resources sector and the need to transform Olympic Dam into a sustainable operation that can contribute to the South Australian economy for many years to come,\" Olympic Dam asset president Jacqui McGill said in a statement. \nThe job losses will cut the total workforce at Olympic Dam to about 3500 and come after the company axed more than 200 company and contract jobs in June. \nBHP said it had advised its workforce of its plans and would continue to offer workers support and assistance in finding new jobs. \nIt also recognised the impact the losses would have on the local community and said it remained committed to participating in local events and key community projects. \nThe job cuts were not unexpected after details of BHP's operational review were revealed earlier this year. \nAt the time of the earlier cuts, Treasurer Tom Koutsantonis said more positions would likely go at the miner as it continued to grapple with falling commodity prices. \nThe South Australian Chamber of Mines and Energy said the job losses were evidence of the cyclic nature of the resources sector. \nBut state Opposition Leader Steven Marshall said the losses emphasised the need for a government plan to urgently create jobs. \n\"We need urgent action to restore business confidence and stimulate businesses to create jobs in our economy,\" he said. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook BHP Billiton to cut SA jobs AAP \nMining giant BHP Billiton will cut 380 jobs, mostly from its Olympic Dam mine, after a review of its South Australian \u2026\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of BHP Billiton plc Sponsored ADR was 23.923254013061523 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of BHP Billiton plc Sponsored ADR was ",
 "expected": "23.55250358581543",
 "date": "2015-08-10",
 "ticker": "BBL",
 "company": "BHP Billiton plc Sponsored ADR"
}