{
 "context": "The following article called 'Kimberly-Clark Corporation Releases Annual Sustainability Report' was published on 2015-07-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nDALLAS, July 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE: KMB) today published its annual report on sustainability, providing a comprehensive overview of the company's sustainability efforts, focusing on case studies that highlight social and environmental progress throughout the company's global operations. \n\"Our vision to lead the world in the essentials for a better life is not limited to the products we provide. It also calls us to deliver them in ways that prioritize clean air and water, healthy forests and strong communities, while delivering shareholder value,\" said Kimberly-Clark Chairman and CEO Tom Falk. \"More than ever, sustainability is part of how we operate to move our business forward.\" \nThe 2014 Sustainability Report highlights Kimberly-Clark's progress toward its multi-year Sustainability 2015 goals and introduces the framework for the company's new 2022 platform. The target year, 2022, will coincide with the celebration of the company's 150th anniversary. \nBuilding on the Sustainability 2015 program, Sustainability 2022 is a commitment to: Invest in innovative social programs so that people who lack the basic essentials in life - sanitation, health, wellbeing - get the help they need Innovate to extend the life of product and packaging materials Reduce pressure on precious natural resources with the development of sustainable alternatives \n\"In shaping our new Sustainability 2022 platform, we considered the global mega-trends that will impact our business as well as insights from a collaborative process involving our internal stakeholders, business and brand leaders,\" said Lisa Morden, senior director of global sustainability for Kimberly-Clark. \"We believe this new platform will continue to align with the interests of our stakeholders while furthering our mission to lead the world in essentials for a better life.\" \nAlong with stories of the successes and challenges shared in the report, Kimberly-Clark's new sustainability website will also serve as a platform through which the company will offer, on a regular basis, a glimpse into the sustainability focused activities and projects teams are pursuing and their results. \nSome of the highlights from 2014 include: \nPeople Reduced reportable incidents by 19 percent and achieved zero fatalities -- making 2014 Kimberly-Clark's safest year ever Implemented active social programs in 97 percent of all Kimberly-Clark communities Increased the key suppliers participating in the Supplier Social Compliance Standards program to 87 percent of in-scope suppliers \nPlanet Achieved a 6.9 percent reduction in absolute greenhouse gas emissions, exceeding the company's Sustainability 2015 goal of 5 percent Diverted more than 88 percent of manufacturing waste from landfills at the end of 2014 and implemented several programs aimed at reducing waste at the end of the product lifecycle Achieved Sustainability 2015 goal of 25 percent reduction in water use while maintaining quality of discharge in manufacturing \nRead the stories behind Kimberly-Clark's progress and our entire 2014 Sustainability Report at http://www.sustainabilityreport2022.kimberly-clark.com/ . \nTo join the conversation and tell us what you think, write to sustainability@kcc.com . \nAbout Kimberly-Clark Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE: \"KMB\") and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 175 countries. Every day, nearly a quarter of the world's population trust K-C's brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No. 1 or No. 2 share positions in 80 countries. To keep up with the latest K-C news and to learn more about the Company's 143-year history of innovation, visit www.kimberly-clark.com or follow us on Facebook or Twitter . \n[KMB-S] \nTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kimberly-clark-corporation-releases-annual-sustainability-report-300119078.html \nSOURCE Kimberly-Clark Corporation\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Kimberly-Clark Corporation was 90.9045639038086 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Kimberly-Clark Corporation was ",
 "expected": "92.08314514160156",
 "date": "2015-07-27",
 "ticker": "KMB",
 "company": "Kimberly-Clark Corporation"
}