{
 "context": "The following article called '3 Emerging Market Plays For Your Portfolio: Barclays PLC, Ashmore Group plc And PZ Cussons plc' was published on 2015-07-10. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n15.95 +0.16 \nToday I am explaining why developing regions should blast revenues at Barclays (LSE: BARC) (NYSE: BCS.US), Ashmore Group (LSE: ASHM) and PZ Cussons (LSE: PZC) through the roof. Bank on resplendent returns \nGlobal banking goliath Barclays grabbed the headlines this week with the shock departure of chief executive Antony Jenkins. Concerns over the breakneck pace of restructuring, particularly at the controversial Investment Bank , is thought to have pushed the firm's head overboard. Indeed, just today Sky News reported that Barclays has put its Italian and Portuguese retail assets on the block. \nWith the bank's downscaling in nearby regions naturally drawing investor attention, Barclays' success across the lucrative regions of Africa has become overlooked more recently, and to a lesser extent its more modest footprint in Asia. The company provides services to more than 14 million customers in a dozen countries on the continent, including regional powerhouses South Africa and Egypt. \nBarclays saw income from its Africa Banking division leap 8% during January-March, a result that propelled pre-tax profit almost a quarter high to \u00a3295m. Barclays has rising personal income levels and historically-low financial product penetration across the region to thank for this performance, and is consequently ramping up its operations to latch onto these factors -- the British firm bought a controlling stake in Kenyan insurance provider First Assurance just last month. Financial flows ready to charge \nExtreme volatility on the Chinese stock market -- not to mention the worsening financial plight of Greece -- is once again casting doubts on the strength of investor appetite looking ahead. Indeed, significant macroeconomic worries has weighed on the performance of financial services plays like Ashmore Group in recent times, particularly those geared towards developing markets such as the London business. \nStill, I remain convinced by the investment potential of these markets in the long-term, and consequently the revenues potential of Ashmore. Although the company's latest trading statement today revealed a $2.2bn dip in assets during April-June, to $58.9bn, Ashmore noted that emerging markets ' performed well ' compared with established territories. And as chief executive Mark Coombs noted, once the Federal Reserve's actions become clearer, client activity is likely to lift as sentiment towards these new markets improves still further. Don't leave this stock on the shelf \nHousehold goods specialists PZ Cussons are certainly betting big on these exciting territories, the business having recently bulked up its presence in these destinations still further. And with good reason: research house McKinsey & Company estimated recently that consumption in developing regions will hit $30tn within a decade, galloping from just $12tn in 2010. \nThe company hoovered up health food brand five:am last August, and since then has embarked on a variety of product introductions, like that of baby food label Rafferty's Garden in China and New Zealand. Broadly speaking Cussons continues to enjoy strong sales expansion across Asia and Africa, and in particular its regional growth hub of Indonesia. And boosted by a string of hot brands like Carex soap and Yo drinks, I believe revenues should keep on charging higher. \nSo if you are looking for even more London hotshots like those mentioned, I strongly recommend you check out this totally exclusive report highlighting a broad range of FTSE 100 winners waiting to kick-start your investment income. \nOur \" 5 Dividend Winners To Retire On \" wealth report highlights a selection of incredible stocks with an excellent record of providing juicy shareholder returns. Among our picks are top retail, pharmaceutical and utilities plays that we are convinced should continue to provide red-hot dividends. Click here to download the report -- it's 100% free and comes with no further obligation . \nRoyston Wild has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK has recommended Barclays. The Motley Fool UK owns shares of PZ Cussons. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Barclays PLC was 13.465351104736328 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Barclays PLC was ",
 "expected": "14.326459884643555",
 "date": "2015-07-10",
 "ticker": "BCS",
 "company": "Barclays PLC"
}