{
 "context": "The following article called 'VW scandal: Could the same happen in Europe?' was published on 2015-09-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nView Photo \n\nThe non-profit group which helped expose Volkswagen (Other OTC: VLKAF - news ) 's deceit on emissions of its diesel cars in the United States said Monday that the same issue could exist in Europe. \nIn an interview with AFP, Drew Kodjak, executive director of the International Council on Clean Transportation, which works to reduce pollution in air, land and sea transportation, said the growing sophistication of cars heightens the risk of fraud and requires greater vigilance from regulators. \nQ. Volkswagen has been accused in the United States of equipping its diesel cars with a computer program designed to evade official pollution controls. Could this be the case in Europe as well? \nA. We certainly cannot rule out that this has been happening in Europe. Actually, it all started because we have done some testing of light-duty passenger vehicles in Europe, where we have found that real-world emissions of passenger car, namely diesel passenger cars, were significantly higher than what had been recorded in the official test procedure. \nThere might be many other explanations for this gap in Europe... We're working on it but it's not like we have the resources to figure it out by ourselves. It (Other OTC: ITGL - news ) 's up to the regulators in Europe to figure out whether or not there's a defeat device. \nIn the United States, our research triggered further investigation, but the defeat software was uncovered by the regulators. \nQ: Why would Volkswagen equip its diesel cars this way? \nA. If software programs are included to allow vehicles to go on a low emissions mode when on a test cycle and on high emissions and high efficiency mode during real-world operating conditions, it creates a competitive advantage for this manufacturer. It's also a very serious issue for air pollution and public health. \nAs motor vehicles have become more computerized, there are greater opportunities for manufacturers to code software to try to evade emissions standards. Regulators really need to be vigilant and make sure it doesn't happen. \nQ: Were you surprised that Volkswagen took this risk of huge damage to its reputation and a potential $18 billion fine from the American authorities? \nA. It's fair to say that we were surprised; we were not suspecting at all that there was a defeat device. \nVolkswagen does have a strong environmental record. It was the first manufacturer to announce that it was going to comply with European CO2 standards ahead of schedule. So there's a lot of evidence that suggests that Volkswagen takes this issue seriously. \nThroughout our research, we indeed got in touch with representatives of Volkswagen, who assured us that they were taking the matter very seriously.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of pdvWireless, Inc. was 32.900001525878906 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of pdvWireless, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "32.220001220703125",
 "date": "2015-09-22",
 "ticker": "ATEX",
 "company": "pdvWireless, Inc."
}