{
 "context": "The following article called 'Citigroup pays $180M to settle fraud charges, doesn't admit or deny wronging 4,000 investors' was published on 2015-08-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCraig Warga/Bloomberg Citigroup was one of five global banks caught up in a U.S. investigation into currency\u2026 more Two Citigroup affiliates were left holding the bag for a pair of fraud charges, according to a report from U.S. regulators . The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) came down on the New York-based investment bank for pooling investors' money into two funds that were \"on the brink of disaster.\" Those funds, the ASTA/MAT fund and the Falcon fund, collectively raised nearly $3 billion in capital from roughly 4,000 investors. The funds, however, crumbled and eventually collapsed during the financial crisis. Citigroup put an end to the SEC probe yesterday when it agreed to pay $180 million in settlement funds to the harmed investors. Citigroup\u2019s drawn out heat with the hedge funds began when the bank claimed that two funds were safe and low-risk. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (CGMI) and Citigroup Alternative Investments LLC (CAI) absorbed the costs for the hedge funds that ultimately harmed investors, specifically traditional bond investors, the SEC noted. Both CGMI and CAI are part of Citigroup, which is under the helm of CEO Michael Corbat . The bank agreed to settle the charges but didn't admit to the allegation. Citigroup didn't deny the findings, either. It simply agreed to distribute the money to investors. The investigation was conducted by a SEC team based in New York that consisted of Olivia Zach , Kerri Palen , David Stoelting and Celeste Chase. Citigroup exited hedge funds by mid-2013 due in part to prohibitions in the Dodd-Frank banking reform legislation. In August 2014, Citigroup faced restrictions that prevented it from selling investments in hedge funds and private-equity funds to wealthy clients. \nWant New York Banking & Financial Services news in your inbox? Sign up for our free email newsletters. Home of the Day\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was 50.01500701904297 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "49.348365783691406",
 "date": "2015-08-18",
 "ticker": "C",
 "company": "Citigroup, Inc."
}