{
 "context": "The following article called 'zFinancial Solutions Advisor \u2013 Meadowood Financial Center \u2013 at Bank of America (Reno, NV)' was published on 2015-08-19. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSource: Bank of America FSA develops new investment and banking business through leads generated from internal partnering. The FSA will identify profiles and meet with clients to analyze and review financial goals. Engages customers in the lobby for delivery of store value proposition. The FSA will triage client leads and make referrals to appropriate internal service providers based on client needs and asset thresholds. Participates in on-going training and interaction with the Merrill Lynch Wealth Complex. The role is a bridge between banking and brokerage, therefore the FSA must have a general awareness of core banking and investment solutions. The FSA should be able to provide an enterprise product view for our clients, executing referrals across banking and brokerage lines. Demonstrates proficiency with appropriate financial center systems and routines to support sales process. Series 7 & 66 (63 & 65 in lieu of 66) required and Insurance licenses desired. CFP or CRCP preferred. 4 year business degree preferred. One+ years experience in business development and investments training. This position may be subject to SAFE Act registration requirements. Pursuant to the SAFE Act requirements, all employees engaged in residential loan mortgage originations must register with the federal registry system and remain in good standing. If your position requires SAFE Act registration, you will be required to register and to submit to the required SAFE Act background check and registration process. Failure to obtain and/or maintain SAFE Act registration may result in your immediate termination. Role Summary The primary role of the Financial Center Financial Solutions Advisor (FSA) is to deepen banking and investment relationships with Mass Affluent customers. Located in Financial Centers with a concentration of Mass Affluent customers, the FSA will act as the primary point of contact for Mass Affluent customers, although will not have a \u201cbook of business.\u201d Walk-in customers will be directed to the FSA who will provide end to end comprehensive advice and customized solutions to help customers achieve their financial goals. Customer reviews/presentations will include a review of investment goals and prepare presentations that recommend products such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds, annuities, banking, and managed money solutions. The FSA will transact point of fulfillment investment and banking business for clients with less than $250k in investable assets. In addition, the FSA will engage in daily outbound calling to pre-selected Bank of America or Merrill Edge customers inviting them into the Financial Center for a customer review. The FSA should have experience in investment, banking and lending products to bridge banking and brokerage solutions. The FSA will build and maintain effective partnerships with internal business partners including other Financial Center teammates, Small Business Bankers, Mortgage Loan Officers, Financial Advisors, in Consumer Banking Services (CBS) and Merrill Edge Advisory Center (MEAC). The FSA will directly report to a Regional Sales Manager on the Preferred Banking & Investments team and work closely with specialist partners to drive referrals. Key Job Responsibilities 1. Assess customer goals by conducting financial opportunity sessions with new or existing banking clients. Leverage business knowledge to determine prudent and appropriate strategy to meet client\u2019s needs by recommending financial solutions for Mass Affluent clients. 2. Build strategic partnership with Financial Center as a valued team member. Refer clients with an investment need and more than $250K in investable assets to a local Merrill Lynch Wealth Advisory Complex or US Trust office. Refer to other appropriate business channel(s) (i.e. Small Business, Home Loans) as needed 3. Demonstrate strong awareness of enterprise-wide opportunities to serve our customers. 4. Pro-actively build relationships with potential and existing clients to meet business objectives. 5. Comply with all applicable banking and investment laws, regulations, company polices, and procedures, in order to serve the clients' best interests and enhance client satisfaction. Qualifications Experience Requirements 1. 3+ years of proven investment business development experience, including investment training. In-depth knowledge of investment products and services 2. One+ years experience in business development and investments training. 3. Experience creating a comprehensive financial strategy, assessing needs, identifying, and recommending financial solutions 4. Knowledge of banking (credit and deposit) products and services desired 5. Must be able to provide evidence of consultative communication and relationship building skills leading to client service, fulfillment and delight in previous roles 6. Series 7 required. This role also requires series 66 (63 & 65 in lieu of 66). If you do not currently hold the 66 but have either a 63 or 65 an offer can be extended with the condition that a passing score is received for the missing series within 60 days. Desired Experience 1. 4 year degree desired, preferably in business related field 2. Certified Financial Planner (CFP) and/or Chartered Retirement Planning Counselor (CRCP) Designations desired 3. Insurance licenses desired Beyond experience, the right personal style and attitude are critical to success in this role: \u2022 A true team player and collaborator, translating knowledge and experience into strong and productive relationships internally and externally \u2022 Results oriented with proven track record of outstanding ability to motivate and influence other to accomplish objectives: present oneself assertively, convincingly and with confidence to establish credibility and respect with others \u2022 Dedicated, enthusiastic, driven and performance-oriented; possesses a strong work ethic \u2022 Highly motivated self-starter, proactive, with intense focus on results. Conveys a sense of urgency to achieve business goals and exceed expectations \u2022 A respected business partner who adds value to the broader team and can diplomatically handle conflict; demonstrated ability to cultivate effective revenue generating partnerships with other LOBs \u2022 Ability to handle ambiguity and adapt to changing circumstances \u2022 An impeccable reputation for integrity and consistency; must possess sound business ethics acting in the best interest of the client \u2022 Excellent time management and organizational skills\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Preferred Bank was 27.42196273803711 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Preferred Bank was ",
 "expected": "26.23809051513672",
 "date": "2015-08-19",
 "ticker": "PFBC",
 "company": "Preferred Bank"
}