{
 "context": "The following article called 'Make in India is taking shape, global companies showing interest: Finance Ministry' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! NEW DELHI: Enthused by the announcements of global electronics major Foxconn and Sony to set up manufacturing facilities in India, Finance Ministry today said the \"budget boosters\" are silently working and 'Make in India' is taking shape. \"Sony, Foxconn and many more. Budget booster in indirect taxes silently working for domestic manufacturing. Make in India taking shape,\" Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a tweet. Taiwan-based Foxconn, which makes iPhone, iPad and other Apple products, had earlier this week said it was in talks with Adani group and other Indian firms to set up manufacturing factories in India. Foxconn Chairman and CEO Terry Gou , this week made a second visit to India in 45 days, said his company was \"very keen to invest\" in the country and is in talks to strike partnership with local companies. Gou said Foxconn is in talks with billionaire Gautam Adani's Group for electronics manufacturing facilities and has visited Karnataka, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat to scout for possible locations for the facilities. The Taiwanese firm is also working with Micromax and Snapdeal. In June, Japanese electronics major Sony had said it was \"seriously\" looking at participating in the government's 'Make in India' initiative and may consider setting up a manufacturing plant in the country. Sony India is the fourth highest contributor in the global sales of Sony Corporation. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his 2015-16 Budget has announced a host of tax and non-tax initiatives to boost domestic manufacturing as part of the Make In India programme. Make In India aims to promote country as a global manufacturing hub.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Sony Corporation was 27.110000610351562 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Sony Corporation was ",
 "expected": "26.829999923706055",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "SONY",
 "company": "Sony Corporation"
}