{
 "context": "The following article called 'Why Hungry Dividend Hunters Must Check Out Barclays PLC, National Grid plc, Prudential plc And Big Yellow Group plc' was published on 2015-10-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nTue, Oct 13, 2015, 16:39 BST - UK Markets closed Why Hungry Dividend Hunters Must Check Out Barclays PLC, National Grid plc, Prudential plc And Big Yellow Group plc By Royston Wild | Fool.co.uk \u2013 1 hour 8 minutes ago \nToday I am looking at four London lovelies poised to deliver brilliant dividends. Barclays \nBritish banking star Barclays (LSE: BARC) grabbed the headlines in Tuesday trading following chatter that former JP Morgan banker Jes Staley is poised to fill the vacant CEO position. The American's background has obviously raised questions over whether Barclays is poised to reignite its Investment Bank , particularly as previous head Antony Jenkins was intent on scaling back the department in favour of doubling-down on its retail footprint. \nThe news could of course have huge ramifications for both Barclays' risk profile and cost base, so more cautious investors should pay close attention to developments in the coming weeks and months. Still, I believe the bank's strong high-street presence, strong e-banking proposition and lucrative African assets make it a very respectable stock market selection. \nWith earnings expected to pound higher thanks to these factors, Barclays is anticipated to raise the dividend from 6.5p per share for the past three years to 6.7p in 2015, yielding 2.6%. And this leaps to 3.5% for 2016 amid predictions of a 9p reward. National Grid \nFor those seeking reliable-if-unspectacular share suggestions, I believe power play National Grid (LSE: NG) provides the perfect solution. Earnings are not expected to explode due to the capital-intensive nature of electricity network provision. But the dependable role of electricity in the developed economies of the UK and US is predicted to push the bottom-line steadily higher in the coming years, a promising omen for future dividends. \nOn top of this, National Grid remains focussed on building its asset base by between 5% and 6% per annum on both sides of the Atlantic, a scenario that should continue to underpin solid investor returns. For the 12 months ending March 2016 National Grid is anticipated to provide a dividend of 43.8p per share, up from 42.87p in 2015 and yielding a stonking 4.8%. And this figure moves to 4.9% for 2017 due to expectations of a 45p payment. Prudential \nThanks to its unremitting focus on emerging markets, I reckon Prudential (LSE: PRU) is in great shape to deliver excellent returns for both growth and income chasers. In particular, the company plans to extend its tentacles still further into the explosive markets of Asia, continuing the strategy of former chief executive Tidjane Thiam. And this appears to be a shrewd strategy -- pre-tax profits from the continent galloped 20% higher in January-June, to $632m. \nBut Prudential's global presence is also giving it access to other white-hot markets, and profits from the US jumped by almost a quarter to $846m in the period. With surging business inflows also flooding the firm with cash, Prudential is predicted to hike last year's 36.93p per share dividend to 39.8p in 2015, and again to 43.6p next year. Yields of 2.6% and 2.9% may not be spectacular, but I expect bubbly earnings expansion in the years ahead to keep driving dividends skywards. Big Yellow Group \nA steadily-improving domestic economy bodes extremely well for storage specialists Big Yellow Group (LSE: BYG), in my opinion. With citizens' wallets become increasingly fatter, and homesteads up and down the country become more congested with the latest fashions and furnishings as retail activity takes off, the need for extra space is becoming all the more critical. \nCombined with Britons' growing reluctance to throw away old items, Big Yellow Group is reaping the rewards and is steadily expanding to cater to growing demand -- the firm opened its newest outlet in Enfield in April and is busy converting another site in Cambridge. With earnings expected to keep chugging higher, the business is predicted to fork out a payment of 24.8p per share in the year to March 2016, up from 21.7p last year and yielding 3.6%. And this rises to 4% for 2017 due to predictions of a 28p dividend. \nSo if the dividend darlings mentioned above have whetted your appetite for even more blue-chip superstars, I strongly recommend you check out this totally exclusive report that identifies even more FTSE 100 winners waiting to kick-start your investment income. \nOur \" 5 Dividend Winners To Retire On \" wealth report highlights a selection of incredible stocks with an excellent record of providing juicy shareholder returns. Among our picks are top retail, pharmaceutical and utilities plays that we are convinced should continue to provide red-hot dividends. Click here to download the report -- it's 100% free and comes with no further obligation . \nRoyston Wild has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK has recommended Barclays. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Barclays PLC was 13.327410697937012 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Barclays PLC was ",
 "expected": "12.802109718322754",
 "date": "2015-10-13",
 "ticker": "BCS",
 "company": "Barclays PLC"
}