{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nigeria: Communities Urged to Help Curb Illegal Oil Bunkering' was published on 2015-10-26. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCote d'Ivoire: Nation Votes in First Post-War Presidential Poll People of Niger Delta have been urged to help in curbing illegal oil bunkering by giving useful information to the troops of Operation Pulo Shield (OPPS). The spokesman for OPPS, Lt.-Col. Isa Ado, made the appeal during interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ughelli on Saturday. He told the oil communities to guide their youths against acts capable of sabotaging the economy of the nation. \"OPPS will continue to carry out its operations professionally in line with its mandate and make the area crime free\", he said. NAN recalls that OPPS is the joint military outfit deployed to protect oil installations in the Niger Delta. Ado said its troops caught nine oil thieves in the act in Delta. \"The suspects were arrested at a pipeline within an oilfield operated by Mid Western Oil Company in Ugheli in. He said that the anti-oil theft operation was carried out on October 17 following a tip off/credible information. \"The troops in Sector 1, 222 Battalion, Ughelli, led by the Commanding Officer, Lt.-Col. Matthew Oyekola patrolling Ozoro/Owelogho in Isoko North LGA, Delta, arrested the nine oil thieves. \"They were caught while trying to siphon crude oil from oil pipeline belonging to Mid Western Oil Company, Ugheli. \"The suspects were arrested with a Volkswagen Passat car with IMO registration number, KGE 17 XD. \"They had prepared a bunkering site with valve and hoses to gain access to the oil company's pipeline before loading crude to trucks and tankers at about 02:45 hrs on October 17\", Ado said. Ado recalled that troops of the unit had seized several trucks and tankers without suspects in the past and attributed the feat to credible intelligence. He said that preliminary investigations had shown that some youths in the host community connived with the suspects by providing access to the pipeline. (NAN) Nigeria \nThe International Crisis Group, a global, Brussels-based NGO dedicated to preventing and resolving conflict, selected \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Leadership. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was 46.22714614868164 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "46.109317779541016",
 "date": "2015-10-26",
 "ticker": "DAL",
 "company": "Delta Air Lines, Inc."
}