{
 "context": "The following article called 'CIC Expands the Nation's Largest Proprietary Eviction Database' was published on 2015-07-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCIC Expands the Nation's Largest Proprietary Eviction Database Property Management Companies, SaaS Providers, Independent Owners and Consumer Reporting Agencies can see improved eviction reporting. CIC provides the most comprehensive nationwide eviction coverage LOS ANGELES, CA, July 08,   CIC, the nation's leading provider of nationwide eviction coverage to the multifamily housing industry is pleased to announce expansions to their database for property management companies, software companies, data resellers and independent owners. With three decades of industry-leading experience, CIC's data quality is second to none and with the recently expanded coverage, clients easily prevent consequences of failing to identify high-risk applicants. CIC provides the most comprehensive nationwide eviction coverage, and in the last few months have extracted additional county records within the states of: - Alaska - Pennsylvania - South Carolina CIC's eviction data provides actionable intelligence derived from landlord-tenant records from nearly every major jurisdiction in the country. The database includes 36+ Million reportable records; this is the largest compilation of its kind that delivers critical information not available through credit reports alone. Nationwide eviction records are delivered to clients through CIC's website, XML Gateway, API Integration and White-Branded Screening Platform. CIC ensures clients have secure access to the data they need, when they need it with complete built-in system redundancy. CIC remains dedicated to providing clients with best-in-class data, technology and customer service. Clients have a distinct advantage over the competition with features such as the SSN address history and using additional prior addresses in the matching algorithm to access the most comprehensive search available in the tenant screening industry. Combined with the ability to match up to 10 addresses per inquiry, clients receive not only the industry's most reliable data but a robust search. CIC's goal is to reduce client eviction rates by providing the power of decision during the application process. To learn more about CIC's best-in-class eviction data coverage, technology and customer service, visit www.CICReports.com or call 888-316-4242.Founded in 1986, CIC is a leading provider of tenant and employment screening solutions for the multifamily housing industry. CIC offers full service background checks, credit reports from all three major bureaus, the nation's most comprehensive eviction records database, complete nationwide criminal records search, full verification services and other specialized screening products. For more information, please visit www.CICReports.com . # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of ICICI Bank Limited was 9.119906425476074 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of ICICI Bank Limited was ",
 "expected": "8.917826652526855",
 "date": "2015-07-08",
 "ticker": "IBN",
 "company": "ICICI Bank Limited"
}