{
 "context": "The following article called 'Why I Wouldn't Short Zillow Group Inc.' was published on 2015-09-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMotley Fool Mobile Why I Wouldn't Short Zillow Group Inc. Short sellers who bet against the online real estate market place in recent months have profited handsomely, but the good times for these bears may be coming to end. Joe Tenebruso Aug 31, 2015 at 5:00PM Source: Zillow \nThose prescient investors who shorted Zillow ( NASDAQ:Z ) ( NASDAQ:ZG ) near its highs around $50 (split-adjusted) per share are now sitting on hefty profits. Yet even at current prices, with the stock's value cut in half and trading near the lows of the year, about 20% of Zillow's shares are still being sold short. I think these short sellers are playing with fire, and could be setting themselves up for large losses. \nOpen-ended growth As the leading online real estate market place, Zillow is well positioned to profit from the migration of marketing dollars to the Internet. As consumers continue to flock to Zillow's website and apps for their real estate information needs, agents, mortgage brokers, contractors, and other real estate professionals are showing a willingness to pay increasing sums to reach them. It's a classic network effect, one that should steadily widen Zillow's competitive moat as more users join its platform in the years ahead. \nYet although it's the industry leader, Zillow currently has a small -- but growing -- share of this massive market. Even after recently acquiring its closest competitor, Trulia, the combined company still only accounts for about 4% of the $12 billion that real estate agents spend on advertising every year. But with more and more home buyers turning to the Internet to find their ideal property -- the National Association of Realtors places the figure at about 40% -- up from just 11% in 2003 -- Zillow is poised to steadily take share in the years ahead. \nThat should lead to strong increases in revenue, and thanks to Zillow's highly scalable model , profits should eventually grow at an even more rapid rate. Analysts certainly expect this to be the case, as they're projecting that Zillow's earnings will explode higher at a greater than 40% annualized rate over the next half decade. \nIt's this type of exponential growth that can lead to multi-bagger stock returns -- and painful losses for short-sellers. \nWhat's different now? Astute investors may be thinking that much of this was true months ago, and it hasn't stopped Zillow's share price from getting hammered. I won't argue with that, and I'm not saying that Zillow's share price can't continue to head lower in the months ahead. My point is simply that with Zillow's share price now down more than 50% from the highs it reached when the Trulia deal was first announced in July of last year, the risk-reward situation has changed dramatically -- and it's now a much more dangerous time to short the stock. \nMany of the catalysts for Zillow's lower share price -- namely the end of its long-standing direct MLS listings agreement with ListHub, the sudden departure of its CFO, and the risks relating to the integration of Trulia -- are now priced into Zillow's stock. By no means have these risks been completely eliminated, but Zillow has already moved to rectify all of these issues. \nThe company quickly filled its vacant CFO position by promoting chief operating officer Kathleen Philips, an experienced and accomplished executive that should bring stability to the position. \nZillow is also rapidly establishing partnerships with a growing number of direct MLS listing feeds. CEO Spencer Rascoff had this to say on the topic during Zillow's most recent earnings call: \n[P]erhaps the most tangible benefit from our massive scale so far was our seamless transition to direct listing feeds in April. MLSs, brokerages and agents understood that Zillow Group offers access to the largest consumer home shopping audience, and they signed up to add listings at an unprecedented rate. We now receive significantly more high-quality listings directly from MLSs than we did when a third-party vendor provided us with MLS listings. And we now have more than 300 MLSs sending us data directly, having added 81 new MLS partnerships in just the last three months alone. \nMost importantly, the integration of Trulia is progressing ahead of schedule, which Rascoff also highlighted on the call: \nAlready, we've fully integrated our rentals, mortgages, display and back of the house operations with Trulia. In fact, we've now moved up the timeline to integrate our agent advertising business by several months, expected to complete this by the end of the third quarter. \nOnce Trulia is fully integrated, we'll begin to see the true earnings power of the combined company, which I believe short-sellers are severely underestimating -- to their own detriment. \nThis $19 trillion industry could destroy the Internet One bleeding-edge technology is about to put the World Wide Web to bed. And if you act quickly, you could be among the savvy investors who enjoy the profits from this stunning change. Experts are calling it the single largest business opportunity in the history of capitalism... The Economist is calling it \"transformative\"... But you'll probably just call it \"how I made my millions.\" Don't be too late to the party -- click here for one stock to own when the Web goes dark. \nJoe Tenebruso has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns and recommends Zillow Group (A shares) and Zillow Group (C shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Joe Tenebruso Staff Writer Joe honed his investing skills as an analyst for Stock Advisor, Fool One, Supernova, Million Dollar Portfolio, and Income Investor. He battle-tested his investment philosophy and strategies as portfolio manager of Tier 1, a market-crushing Motley Fool real-money portfolio that delivered 24.58% annualized returns during its existence. Now, Joe\u2019s mission is to pass on what he\u2019s learned -- and what he continues to learn -- as a contributing writer to Fool.com. Follow @Tier1Investor Article Info Aug 31, 2015 at 5:00PM Technology and Telecom\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Zillow Group, Inc. was 25.3799991607666 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Zillow Group, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "26.40999984741211",
 "date": "2015-09-01",
 "ticker": "ZG",
 "company": "Zillow Group, Inc."
}