{
 "context": "The following article called 'Facebook Among 4 Techs With Stellar Long-Term Earnings' was published on 2015-10-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWhat Will EU's Starbucks Tax Ruling Mean For Apple? \nThe European Union is expected to say that Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) and Fiat Chrysler (NYSE:FCAU) got illegal tax breaks, with rulings on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) coming up next. An official announcement on Starbucks and Fiat could come Wednesday, sources told the Wall Street ... 12:26 PM ET Why The Cheap Gas Boost To Real Wages Is About To End \nConsumer prices fell again in September on cheap energy. That's helped keep real wage gains solid, but they'll shrivel when CPI comparisons get tougher at year-end. The consumer price index fell 0.2% after August's 0.1% dip. Credit yet another sharp drop in gasoline and other energy prices, as oil ... 11:46 AM ET Netflix, Nike Price Targets Hiked; Facebook Upgraded \nNetflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Nike (NYSE:NKE) had their price targets increased Thursday, while Facebook was upgraded and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) was downgraded. Analysts at Needham raised their price target on Netflix to 125 from 111, despite the Internet TV service missing Q3 earnings and sales views ... 09:01 AM ET Retail Sales Sluggish In Sept. \n4 Sales rose just 0.1% after a flat Aug. Ex autos, they fell 0.3%. Cheaper gas hit service-station sales but also lifted discretionary income. Electronics and appliance-store sales fell 0.2%. So did sales at nonstores, mostly e-commerce. The iPhone 6S helped, but the Commerce Dept. adjusts for the ... 10/14/2015 07:00 PM ET Shopify Teams With Uber For Same-Day Delivery Service \nE-commerce platform provider Shopify (NYSE:SHOP) will team up with ride-hailing service Uber to help merchants delivery. The service, called UberRush, for now is available only in New York City, Chicago and San Francisco. Shopify provides a cloud-based e-commerce platform that businesses use to ... 10/14/2015 05:15 PM ET First Data IPO Shows Continued Weakness In New Issues \nWeakness in the IPO market continued Thursday, as electronic-payments-processing giant First Data (FDC), the largest new issue this year, struggled to get out the door. First Data priced late Wednesday at 16, below its estimated range of 18 to 20. The IPO raised $2.6 billion, below plans to raise ... 12:20 PM ET Xilinx: Climbing Out Of The 'Trough'? \nXilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) stock gapped up Thursday after the chipmaker late Wednesday reported fiscal Q2 earnings that beat Wall Street's views by 2 cents, despite falling 23% vs. the year-earlier quarter. CEO Moshe Gavrielov said Xilinx was already climbing out of its \"trough.\" \"I don't see us ... 11:40 AM ET Valeant Stock Falls On Subpoena Over Drug Pricing \nValeant Pharmaceuticals (NYSE:VRX) stock fell early Thursday after the drugmaker said late Wednesday that it had received a federal subpoena over its drug-pricing policy. Valeant said it received subpoenas from the U.S. District Attorneys of Massachusetts and southern New York, which \"relate to ... 11:23 AM ET AT&T Reorganizes Ahead Of Earnings, Wireless Split \nAT&T (NYSE:T) reorganized its operating segments into four divisions ahead of Q3 earnings and will split wireless services into business and consumer segments. With the changes, though, AT&T will report wireless financial data differently than rivals Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ), ... 10:18 AM ET Valeant Subpoenaed By Federal Prosecutors On Pricing \nValeant Pharmaceuticals (NYSE:VRX) late Wednesday said it has received subpoenas from U.S. Attorneys in Massachusetts and the Southern District of New York related to drug pricing and how it helps patients pay for drugs. That sent Valeant shares, already under pressure, sharply lower in Thursday ... 09:12 AM ET\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Starbucks Corporation was 52.870582580566406 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Starbucks Corporation was ",
 "expected": "53.86830139160156",
 "date": "2015-10-15",
 "ticker": "SBUX",
 "company": "Starbucks Corporation"
}