{
 "context": "The following article called 'SevOne Announces $50 Million Financing Round Led by Westfield Capital Management and Bain Capital Ventures' was published on 2015-09-26. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSunday, September 27, 2015 1:25AM IST (7:55PM GMT) (BW)(MA-SEVONE) SevOne Announces $50 Million Financing Round Led by Westfield Capital Management and Bain Capital Ventures World\u2019s largest network and data center operators rely upon SevOne to manage virtualization, cloud, IoT, and mobile Internet initiatives Boston, United States SevOne , the leading global provider of digital infrastructure management solutions, announced a $50 million Series C financing round led by Westfield Capital Management and Bain Capital Ventures. Brookside Capital, HarbourVest, VT Technology Ventures, and Osage Venture Partners also participated in this round. SevOne will use the financing to accelerate its growth through new technologies and markets, meeting the growing demands of organizations transforming their business for the always-on mobile economy and the Internet of Things (IoT). The funding comes at a time when mobility sits at the heart of a new and vibrant ecosystem that is uniting the digital and physical worlds. New mobile and broadband connectivity, coupled with ever-expanding virtualized cloud services, are driving the mobile economy and creating a flood of data. Organizations are continually under pressure to interpret this data to unlock real-time business opportunities, reveal competitive differentiators, or optimize everyday operations. Legacy management solutions weren\u2019t built for the mobile economy, and simply can\u2019t provide the power required to deliver real-time insight and business value. The patented SevOne Cluster\u2122 architecture solves this fundamental problem, arming the world\u2019s top carriers and enterprises with solutions to harness the power of their digital infrastructure and deliver on the promise of the mobile economy. \u201cWe are thrilled to invest in SevOne and help them continue on their rapid growth trajectory,\u201d said Will Muggia, CEO of Westfield Capital Management. \u201cWe believe their massively scalable data aggregation platform, which is being used by the world\u2019s largest enterprises and service providers, is highly differentiated and disruptive to the digital infrastructure management market.\u201d Bain Capital Ventures originally invested in SevOne in 2012. The funding fueled the expansion of the company\u2019s alliance network and product ecosystem to support the customer journey to new mobile technologies (4G LTE) and the rapid adoption of virtualization technologies such as software-defined networks (SDN), network functions virtualization (NFV), and software-defined data centers (SDDC). Since that time, SevOne has matured its global leadership position in several key markets, including: 40% of the top technology companies 50% of the top fixed and mobile broadband carriers 60% of the top investment services firms \u201cSevOne\u2019s patented architecture is transforming the way the world\u2019s largest enterprises and service providers are managing their digital infrastructure,\u201d said Ben Nye, Managing Director at Bain Capital Ventures. \u201cThe company\u2019s rapid growth is driven by forward-thinking companies needing to collect all the data across their end-to-end digital infrastructure in support of mission-critical services.\u201d SevOne is poised for another year of rapid growth. The company continues to invest in its Delaware roots, constructing a 48,000 square foot, state-of-the-art research and development center on the University of Delaware's Science, Technology and Advanced Research (STAR) Campus in Newark, Delaware. The STAR campus facility opens in October, and will build upon the company\u2019s vision of developing next-generation technologies and pushing the boundaries of digital infrastructure management for SevOne customers. \u201cThe opportunities and challenges of managing digital infrastructures have never been greater,\u201d said Jack Sweeney, SevOne CEO. \u201cSevOne is uniquely positioned to capitalize upon this demand, allowing the world\u2019s largest datacenter and network operators to unlock the true business potential of their digital infrastructure.\u201d For more information, please visit www.sevone.com . About SevOne SevOne is the leading global provider of digital infrastructure management solutions. The patented SevOne Cluster\u2122 architecture arms today\u2019s largest data center and network operators with solutions to harness the power of their digital infrastructure and deliver real-time knowledge and insights. With a new state-of-the-art research and development center on the University of Delaware's Science, Technology and Advanced Research (STAR) Campus, SevOne has additional offices in Boston, Philadelphia, London and Bulgaria. Backed by Westfield Capital Management, Bain Capital Ventures, Brookside Capital, HarbourVest, VT Technology Ventures, Osage Venture Partners, SevOne was named a Visionary in Gartner's 2015 Magic Quadrant for Network Performance Monitoring and Diagnostics. More information can be found at www.sevone.com . Follow SevOne on Twitter at @SevOneInc. About Westfield Capital Management Company, L.P. Westfield Capital Management Company, L.P., founded in 1989, is an SEC-registered investment adviser that specializes in providing quality investment management services to institutions and wealthy individuals. The firm supervises domestic growth equities, with products focusing on each segment of the capitalization spectrum. Its investment professionals employ a disciplined fundamental approach to research, yet the investment process is designed to be flexible and responsive to changes and opportunities in the market. Bain Capital Ventures Bain Capital Ventures (BCV) provides seed through growth capital for companies focused on technology and technology-enabled services primarily for enterprise customers. BCV invests across stages in leading infrastructure and application software businesses. Select BCV investments include BloomReach, BillTrust, Docusign, Gainsight, Infusionsoft, Kiva Systems, LinkedIn, Optimizely, Rapid7, SolarWinds, SurveyMonkey. TellApart and VMTurbo. As the venture capital affiliate of Bain Capital, a leading global alternative assets firm, BCV has partnered with more than 200 companies since 1984 to start, build, commercialize and grow their businesses. BCV has approximately $3 billion of assets under management and has offices in the Bay Area, New York City and Boston. Follow BCV at @BainCapVC or visit the website at www.baincapitalventures.com . About Brookside Capital Founded in 1996, Brookside Capital is one of the world\u2019s leading global long/short hedge funds and is part of Bain Capital. Our experienced team consists of industry oriented professionals, many of whom bring management consulting or direct operating experience as part of their experience set. We are principal investors and we employ a fundamental bottom-up research process to identify the best long-term investment opportunities across the globe. Our analysis focuses on industry attractiveness, competitive positioning and overall management capability. About Osage Venture Partners Osage Venture Partners (OVP) is a venture capital firm located just outside of Philadelphia, PA that invests in early-stage business-to-business (B2B) software companies headquartered on the East Coast. OVP raised its first fund in 2005, and has invested almost exclusively in B2B software companies since that time. With over $100M under management, OVP seeks to invest in determined and creative entrepreneurs and provide them with the assistance required to build high growth businesses. For more information, visit www.osagepartners.com/ventures .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Gartner, Inc. was 86.30999755859375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Gartner, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "83.66999816894531",
 "date": "2015-09-26",
 "ticker": "IT",
 "company": "Gartner, Inc."
}