{
 "context": "The following article called 'KKR Releases Mid-Year Global Macro Trends Report by Henry McVey' was published on 2015-07-07. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nArchive of previous publications \nAbout KKR \nKKR is a leading global investment firm that manages investments across multiple asset classes including private equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate, credit and hedge funds. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world\u2010class people, and driving growth and value creation at the asset level. KKR invests its own capital alongside its partners' capital and brings opportunities to others through its capital markets business. References to KKR's investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds. For additional information about KKR & Co. L.P. ( KKR ), please visit KKR's website at www.kkr.com . \nThe views expressed herein are the personal views of Henry McVey of KKR and do not necessarily reflect the views of KKR. This information is not research and should not be treated as research. It does not represent valuation judgments with respect to any financial instrument, issuer, security or sector that may be described or referenced herein and does not represent a formal or official view of KKR. It is being provided merely to provide a framework to assist in the implementation of an investor's own analysis and an investor's own views on the topic discussed herein. There can be no assurance that an investment strategy will be successful. Historic market trends are not reliable indicators of actual future market behavior or future performance of any particular investment which may differ materially, and should not be relied upon as such. This information should not be viewed as a current or past recommendation or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities or to adopt any investment strategy. This release may contain projections or other forward\u2010looking statements. Neither Mr. McVey nor KKR assumes any duty to update such statements. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150707005650/en/\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of KKR & Co. L.P. was 19.117773056030273 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of KKR & Co. L.P. was ",
 "expected": "18.514928817749023",
 "date": "2015-07-07",
 "ticker": "KKR",
 "company": "KKR & Co. L.P."
}