{
 "context": "The following article called 'TDS Selects ARRIS MOXI\u00ae Whole Home Solution to Give Subscribers Personalized, Multi-Room Access to Their Entertainment' was published on 2015-10-12. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n'Our subscribers want high-quality entertainment when they want it and where they want it,' said Shane West , Vice President of Marketing and Product Development at TDS. 'ARRIS is our key partner in developing personalized, TV everywhere services that will delight our subscribers, differentiate our offerings, and provide more options for monetizing our services.' \n'ARRIS MOXI Whole Home Solution is a flexible and integrated solution that customers like TDS appreciate for its ability to quickly deploy a range of modern entertainment services,' said Bob Noonan , Senior Vice President, North America Telco and Retail at ARRIS. 'We're collaborating with TDS to deliver a premium entertainment experience, today, that can quickly and easily can expand to deliver tomorrow's content and services.' \nAbout TDS Telecommunications (TDS\u00ae), a wholly owned subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. , is the seventh largest local exchange telephone company in the U.S and a growing force in the cable industry. TDS provides 1.2 million connections to high-speed Internet, phone, and TV entertainment services in more than 150 rural, suburban, and metropolitan communities. For residential customers, TDS deploys 1Gig Internet access, IPTV service, cable TV options, and traditional wireline services. The company offers businesses advanced solutions, including: VoIP (managedIP Hosted voice), high-speed Internet, fiber optics, data networking, and hosted-managed services. Visit www.tdstelecom.com or tdsbusiness.com. \nTDS Telecommunications Corp.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moxian, Inc. was 54.5 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moxian, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "54.5",
 "date": "2015-10-12",
 "ticker": "MOXC",
 "company": "Moxian, Inc."
}