{
 "context": "The following article called 'Ad Blockers Are Great for Facebook Inc and Apple Inc' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nAd Blockers Are Great for Facebook Inc and Apple Inc The rise of ad blockers makes Apple News and Facebook better choices for advertisers. Jamal Carnette ( TMFJCar ) Oct 16, 2015 at 12:25PM Ad blocker Been Choice, which blocks ads in native apps (like Apple's News app), was blocked from Apple's app store. Source: Been Choice \nThe ad-blockalypse is upon us, and publishers everywhere want you to know it's a really important thing -- for them, of course. The term, which refers to the rise of ad-blocking software that's hurting publishers' ad-based monetization strategies, has spurred an incessant amount of listicles, explainers, and (lots of) editorials, most -- shocker! -- arguing against ad-blocking software. \nAlthough ad-blockers have been around for decades, the newest move from Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) has reignited fears. That's because in the latest version of Apple's operating system, iOS 9, Apple is allowing ad blockers in the app store, enabling mobile browsers to cut down load times and data usage. \nInterestingly enough, Apple also benefits from the inclusion of ad blockers on its devices at the expense of its biggest operating system competitor -- but don't expect Apple to carry every ad blocker. \nThis could drive articles and marketers to Apple News With iOS 9, Apple made two large changes in respect to publishers. The aforementioned ad blocker was first, but the second was a rebranding of its former Newsstand app to the new Apple News format. One of the bigger changes between the two is a stronger alignment with Apple's iAD mobile ad-delivery platform that allows publishers to take 100% of all ads they sell or 70% of all ads Apple sells on the News app. \nAd blockers don't affect ads the Apple News and third-party apps (more on this later), as they do through mobile Safari browsing, so this essentially hurts Alphabet -owned Google's monetization on Apple devices, as well as ads direct from publishers, and shifts ad-spend to Cupertino. And that makes sense -- in the event that ad-blocking becomes more popular, it is only natural for advertisers to seek outlets where their ads will actually lead to an impression. \nThere's another company that stands to benefit from Apple's decision: Facebook (NASDAQ: FB). Much like Apple, Facebook operates a 100%/70% model with publishers. The vast majority of users use Facebook's app for mobile browsing, \"ad blockers haven't had as much impact\" to Facebook's monetization model, c ommented a company spokesperson to CNBC. Now, if there were only an ad-blocker that could block ads on third-party or on native apps... \nAd-blocker Been Choice was blocked by Apple There is one ad blocker that was blocked by Apple: Been Choice. The company's app, which blocks ads both on the device's mobile browser, and on a variety of native and third party apps -- including Facebook and Apple News -- was pulled from the App store after being available for only a few days. \nThe ad-blocking technology was quite revolutionary in both its level of technology -- using deep-packet inspection to filter out ads -- and who is the ultimate beneficiary, as the service allowed users to essentially sell the right for advertisers to deliver apps for rewards. Apparently, Apple had issues with the ad-blocking technology and Been Choice wanted to work with Apple to remain in the App store -- but it appears Apple was unwilling to do so. \nA cynical person would say this was due to the ad-blocker's potential to hurt Apple's ad-based revenues -- and an even more cynical person would say Apple's being duplicitous by allowing ad blockers on its mobile browser and not on native ads. But in the end, it's Apple's App store and it's allowed to do as it pleases. Look for publishers to align more closely with Facebook and Apple and improve their own mobile apps to adjust to the rise of browser-focused ad blockers. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nJamal Carnette owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares), Apple, and Facebook. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Jamal Carnette Fool Contributor After working at The Motley Fool, Jamal Carnette decided to try his hand at writing for a change. You can find him writing about technology, consumer goods, sports, and pontificating on any competitive advantage. His previous jobs include Mortgage Trainer, Financial Advisor, and Stockbroker. Jamal graduated from George Mason University with a bachelors of science in finance and is a CFA Level III candidate. Follow me for tech trends, info on consumer brands, and sports banter. Follow @TMFJCar Article Info Oct 16, 2015 at 12:25PM Technology and Telecom\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 95.95999908447266 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "98.47000122070312",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}