{
 "context": "The following article called 'Kenya: IBM to Launch an Innovation Space At iHUB Nairobi' was published on 2015-07-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nKenya: Mallforafrica Announces Expansion Into Kenya With New Website, Mallforkenya.com \nAnnounced during the Global Entrepreneurship Summit, the innovation space will provide early stage entrepreneurs start-ups with access to IBM's technology tools and expertise in areas such as Cloud and Big data analytics among others. \n\"With the IBM innovation space at iHub, we are extending our presence right into the heart of the local technical community so that entrepreneurs and start-ups have access to the tools and expertise to succeed in this exciting new era of Africa's economic development,\" said IBM East Africa, Country Manager Nick Nesbitt. \nThis will be IBM's \u200efirst innovation space in Africa. The company has similar Innovation spaces in the US, Brazil, Israel and India among other places. \nCo-Founder of iHub, Erik Hersman said that the launch of the innovation space will give local developers an opportunity to move to the next level courtesy of IBM's expertise, business connections and resources. \nAdditionally, developers will be able to join the IBM Global Entrepreneur programme through which they can qualify for free access to IBM Cloud services. The programme also enables them to qualify to get credits for Bluemix - an open standards, cloud platform for building, running and managing apps and services- among others. \n\u200eThe move was also lauded by local entrepreneurs such as the Co-Founder of Bitsoko Allan Juma who said that interactions between Kenyan entrepreneurs and companies such as IBM extends their professional network while availing access to cutting-edge technologies which is a game changer. \nThe innovation space is set to launch next month. More on This\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of International Business Machines Corporation was 114.92643737792969 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of International Business Machines Corporation was ",
 "expected": "115.14220428466797",
 "date": "2015-07-25",
 "ticker": "IBM",
 "company": "International Business Machines Corporation"
}