{
 "context": "The following article called 'Three European Coca-Cola bottlers to merge' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n* CCE, CCIP and Coke's German bottler to merge \n* New (KOSDAQ: 160550.KQ - news ) company called Coca-Cola European Partners \n* CCEP to have enterprise value about 28 bln euros-source (Adds analyst comment, background, advisers) \nBy Martinne Geller \nLONDON, Aug 6 (Reuters) - Three European bottlers of Coca-Cola drinks have agreed to merge in what will be one of the continent's largest consumer products deals ever, as they hope greater scale and cost cutting will help revitalise sluggish soft drink sales. \nCoca-Cola Enterprises said on Thursday it would combine with Coca-Cola Iberian Partners (CCIP) and the German bottling business of Coca-Cola to create a new company that will be the world's largest independent bottler of Coke drinks by net revenue, with business in 13 countries. \nThe transaction will give the new company -- Coca-Cola European Partners (CCEP) -- a value of 28 billion euros ($31 billion) including debt, a source involved in the deal said, adding that was based on the core earnings of all three companies, the planned synergies and CCE's current valuation. \nCCEP will have annual revenue of $12.6 billion and earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of $2.1 billion and will bottle and distribute Coke drinks in countries including Spain, France and Britain. \n\"It's a major milestone and major transaction that will benefit all parties involved,\" said Coke Chief Executive Muhtar Kent on a conference call. \"There's no question we all believe that increased investment potential will lead to a better trajectory in terms of increased revenue growth going forward.\" \nCCE, whose drinks include Coke, Fanta and Capri-Sun, is struggling with weak sales in Western Europe, where austerity-hit consumers are drinking less soda, forcing producers to discount them, which hurts revenue and profit. \nCombining the bottlers, which buy drink concentrate from Coca-Cola and package and distribute the drinks, will remove duplicate functions and free up cash to be reinvested in marketing and sales. \nCONTINUATION OF STRATEGY \nThe formation of CCEP is the latest example of bottlers consolidating to face the industry's challenges. Coke and SABMiller (Xetra: BRW1.DE - news ) agreed in November to combine their soft drink businesses in Africa, while four Coke bottlers in Japan merged in 2013. The German and Spanish bottlers themselves are also the product of several bottlers merging. \n\"This is not something that just came out of a hat,\" said CEO Kent. \"It's an evolution of what you've seen in other parts of the world.\" \nCCE shareholders will receive one share in the new company and a one-time cash payment of $14.50 a share. The cash portion, about $3.5 billion, will be funded via new debt issued by CCEP. \nThe deal is structured as a so-called tax inversion, with CCE moving corporate headquarters to London and cutting exposure to higher U.S. taxes. CCE, now based in Atlanta (BSE: ATLANTA.BO - news ) , used to be the biggest Coke bottler in North America, but sold its U.S. operations to Coke in 2010, leaving it operating solely in Europe. \nCCE itself was spun off from Coca-Cola in 1986 as a way to boost Coke's profit margins and balance sheet by separating the capital-intensive, low-margin bottling business into a different company. \nCCE shareholders will own 48 percent of the new company, with CCIP's shareholders owning 34 percent. Coca-Cola, the world's largest soft drink maker, will own 18 percent. \nThe new company will be incorporated in London and its shares will trade on Euronext Amsterdam, the New York Stock Exchange and the Madrid Stock Exchange. \nThe combination is expected to result in synergies of $350 million to $375 million within three years of closing, helped by operating efficiencies, cost-savings and scale benefits. \nWhile Coke's CEO said the focus now was on executing the current deal, industry observers said there could be scope down the road for more consolidation. Europe's other sizeable bottlers include Coca-Cola HBC Coca-Cola Icecek . \nJohn Brock, current chief executive of CCE, will be CEO of the new group, while Sol Daurella, executive chairwoman of CCIP, will be chairwoman of the new group. \nShares (Berlin: DI6.BE - news ) of CCE were up 2.8 percent in New York, where Coca-Cola shares were down 0.5 percent. News (Other OTC: NWSAL - news ) of the deal was reported last week by the Wall Street Journal, which sent CCE shares higher. \nRothschild acted as financial adviser to CCIP, while Deutsche Bank (Xetra: 514000 - news ) advised Coca-Cola. Lazard advised CCE, while Credit Suisse (NYSE: CS - news ) advised the franchise relationship committee of CCE's board of directors. \n($1 = 0.9167 euros) (Additional reporting by Freya Berry in London and Arno Schuetze in Frankfurt; Editing by Jason Neely and Mark Potter)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Coca-Cola European Partners plc was 31.49455451965332 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Coca-Cola European Partners plc was ",
 "expected": "31.415576934814453",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "CCEP",
 "company": "Coca-Cola European Partners plc"
}