{
 "context": "The following article called 'Online Rental Application Provider, CIC, Rolls Out Enhancements to Help Fill Vacancies Quickly' was published on 2015-08-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nEmail This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Online Rental Application Provider, CIC, Rolls Out Enhancements to Help Fill Vacancies Quickly Ready2Apply, online rental applications, now offers more customization options and additional features to help make the rental process easier than ever before. CIC is at the forefront of anticipating what our clients will need and this latest roll-out is a testament to that. LOS ANGELES, CA, August 25,   CIC, the nation's premiere tenant screening firm, is pleased to announce that Ready2Apply, a convenient online rental application and lease generation solution, has been updated to improve overall usability. Now available, the enhancements will help property managers quickly and efficiently process qualified tenants. Renter documents can now be uploaded during the online application phase, whereas applicants can submit paystubs or other supporting income documentation to assist in the approval process. With a few clicks, renters upload a photo or pdf file(s). Multiple occupants have an easier application process with functions that allow for invitations to be sent to potential roommates. Payment handling has been improved to allow multiple applicants the option to pay separately. A digital signature pad is now an available option, allowing the entire process to be easily and securely stored 100% digitally. Disclosures have been enhanced to offer a more powerful solution with an easier setup process. The updated online rental applications give clients the ability to incorporate custom questions to mimic their current applications and have the option to include conditional logic to the forms. With conditional logic, questions are automatically added or removed depending on what applicants enter into the form. Applications can better mimic their company's website and branding including logos and matching color schemes. These enhancements aim to improve the applicant experience, and ultimately improve the amount of conversions for rental applications being submitted online. \"Today's renter, especially the millennial renter demand high tech processes which require less effort on their part. CIC is at the forefront of anticipating what our clients will need and this latest roll-out is a testament to that,\" said Dan Firestone, Vice President of CIC. The customizable rental application simplifies the entire process for both property managers and renters. Ready2Apply includes an integrated tenant background solution with application fee processing, providing access to all three credit bureaus as well as nationwide criminal, eviction and rental history reports from RentBureau. Clients are provided a unique apply now web link for placement on their website, apartment listing sites, or to simply email to applicants. Once an applicant begins the process with Ready2Apply, the entire application is typically completed in less than 15 minutes. CIC's Ready2Apply, not only works to meet the application, tenant screening and forms generation needs of each client, but payment options and security as well. This flexibility and newly improved usability make this online system an ideal solution for property managers. About CIC CIC is a leading provider of resident and pre-employment background checks, drug screening and verification services, offering organizations all-inclusive solutions to hire and lease with confidence. With the nation's most comprehensive data and best-in-class customer service, CIC delivers next generation screening to organizations throughout the U.S., offering improved efficiency with faster, more comprehensive background checks and reports. For more information, please visit http://www.CICReports.com . # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of ICICI Bank Limited was 7.476916313171387 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of ICICI Bank Limited was ",
 "expected": "7.6438517570495605",
 "date": "2015-08-25",
 "ticker": "IBN",
 "company": "ICICI Bank Limited"
}