{
 "context": "The following article called 'Why Coty Inc. Shares Fell as Much as 10% Today' was published on 2015-07-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMotley Fool Mobile Why Coty Inc. Shares Fell as Much as 10% Today In a massive $12.5 billion deal with Procter & Gamble, the beauty supplies specialist gets exposed to equal parts opportunity and risk. Anders Bylund Jul 9, 2015 at 12:18PM > \nWhat: Shares of beauty products manufacturer Coty ( NYSE:COTY ) fell as much as 10.3% in Thursday's morning trading, before recovering to a milder 5% drop by around 11:30 a.m. This morning, Coty announced that it will buy the bulk of Procter & Gamble 's beauty products division in a blockbuster $12.5 billion transaction. Coty is more than doubling its annual sales with this merger, but investors are looking past the immediate business boost to focus on the difficulties in such a game-changing transaction. \nSo what: Coty isn't getting all of P&G's beauty business. The consumer goods titan is spinning out its hair color, fragrance, and color cosmetics product lines while holding on to related lines such as shampoos, skin creams, and soaps. Still, Coty adds powerful names like Covergirl, Clairol, and Hugo Boss to its brand portfolio. The deal has already been approved by Coty's largest shareholder, a consumer goods holding company based in Luxembourg that holds 97% of Coty's voting rights, paving the way to a quick and easy completion. Coty's 10 \"power brands,\" pictured here, are about to get some classy company. Image source: Coty. \nNow what: The road to growth by acquisition is littered with the bodies of flawed and poorly executed deals. I can't blame Coty investors for showing nerves right now, because the risks ahead are very real. \nThe beauty brands on both sides of this merger have been struggling in recent years, according to Citi analyst Wendy Nicholson. Two wrongs don't necessarily make a right, even if the combination adds economies of scale and cross-selling opportunities. Moreover, Coty will shoulder some $3 billion of P&G Beauty's debt as part of this merger, which roughly doubles the company's total debt load without adding to its already slender cash reserves. \nSo Coty's management faces a daunting task here. The company will take two brand portfolios, both in need of an operating makeover, and attempt to work out cost savings, marketing efficiencies, and other synergies between them. All of this must be done with a supermodel-slim margin of error, given the company's limited financial resources. \nAnd Coty shares are still priced for perfection, trading at 57 times trailing earnings. The stock has surged 43% higher year-to-date, including today's quick correction. If anything goes wrong with this ambitious deal, it's a long way down. \nFind this article informative? The Motley Fool's mission is to help the world invest, better. We have done this over the past 20 years by thinking long term and outside the box -- even if that means turning Wall Street on its head. To learn more about what The Motley Fool thinks about current investment trends, and receive a special free report about what might be the next big industry to come out of Silicon Valley, just click here now . \nAnders Bylund has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Procter & Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Anders Bylund Fool Contributor Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life. \nFollow Anders: Jul 9, 2015 at 12:18PM Consumer Goods\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Coty Inc. was 27.150875091552734 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Coty Inc. was ",
 "expected": "24.713151931762695",
 "date": "2015-07-09",
 "ticker": "COTY",
 "company": "Coty Inc."
}