{
 "context": "The following article called 'U.S. FDA Grants Priority Review to Takeda\u2019s Ixazomib for Patients with Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma' was published on 2015-09-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCompany : Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Wednesday, September 9, 2015 5:53PM IST (12:23PM GMT) U.S. FDA Grants Priority Review to Takeda\u2019s Ixazomib for Patients with Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma Osaka, Japan and Mass., United States Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited ( TSE: 4502 ) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Priority Review status to the New Drug Application (NDA) for ixazomib, the first investigational oral proteasome inhibitor for the treatment of patients with relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma. \u201cWe are encouraged that both the U.S. and European regulatory bodies have determined that the ixazomib applications qualify for an expedited review, underscoring the importance of new treatment options for patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma,\u201d said Melody Brown, Vice President of Regulatory Affairs, Takeda. \u201cOur ixazomib program is designed to evaluate whether sustained therapy with an oral proteasome inhibitor improves the outcomes of patients living with multiple myeloma. There is a significant unmet medical need in multiple myeloma and we look forward to working with the regulatory bodies to bring ixazomib to patients.\u201d The FDA may grant Priority Review status, which includes expedited review, to the evaluation of applications for drugs that treat a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or efficacy over existing treatment. Ixazomib was recently granted accelerated assessment by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA). The NDA submission for ixazomib was primarily based on the results of the first pre-specified interim analysis of the pivotal Phase 3 trial, TOURMALINE-MM1. This study is an international, randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled clinical trial of 722 patients designed to evaluate the superiority of ixazomib plus lenalidomide and dexamethasone over placebo plus lenalidomide and dexamethasone in adult patients with relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma. Patients continue to be treated to progression in this trial and will be evaluated for long-term outcomes. About Multiple Myeloma Multiple myeloma is a cancer of the plasma cells, which are found in the bone marrow. In multiple myeloma, a group of plasma cells, or myeloma cells, becomes cancerous and multiplies, increasing the number of plasma cells to a higher than normal level. Because plasma cells circulate widely in the body, they have the potential to affect many bones in the body, possibly resulting in compression fractures, lytic bone lesions and related pain. Multiple myeloma can cause a number of serious health problems affecting the bones, immune system, kidneys and red blood cell count, with some of the more common symptoms including bone pain and fatigue, a symptom of anemia. Multiple myeloma is a rare form of cancer, with approximately 20,000 new cases in the U.S. and 114,000 new cases globally per year. About Ixazomib Ixazomib is an investigational oral proteasome inhibitor which is being studied in multiple myeloma, systemic light-chain (AL) amyloidosis, and other malignancies. Ixazomib was granted orphan drug designation in multiple myeloma in both the U.S. and Europe in 2011 and for AL amyloidosis in both the U.S. and Europe in 2012. Ixazomib received Breakthrough Therapy status by the U.S. FDA for relapsed or refractory AL amyloidosis in 2014. It is also the first oral proteasome inhibitor to enter Phase 3 clinical trials. Ixazomib\u2019s clinical development program further reinforces Takeda\u2019s ongoing commitment to developing innovative therapies for people living with multiple myeloma worldwide and the healthcare professionals who treat them. Five global Phase 3 trials are ongoing: TOURMALINE-MM1, investigating ixazomib vs. placebo, in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone in relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma TOURMALINE-MM2, investigating ixazomib vs. placebo, in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone in patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma TOURMALINE-MM3, investigating ixazomib vs. placebo as maintenance therapy in patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma following induction therapy and autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT) TOURMALINE-MM4, investigating ixazomib vs. placebo as maintenance therapy in patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who have not undergone ASCT TOURMALINE-AL1, investigating ixazomib plus dexamethasone vs. physician choice of selected regimens in patients with relapsed or refractory AL amyloidosis For additional information on the ongoing Phase 3 studies please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov . About Takeda Oncology Takeda Oncology is the brand for the global oncology business unit of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. Takeda aspires to cure cancer by delivering novel medicines to meet the unique and urgent needs of people living with cancer, their loved ones and the health care providers who support them around the world. Takeda is the 11 th largest global oncology company with a portfolio of paradigm-changing therapies and an extensive pipeline of investigational products that have the potential to significantly improve patient outcomes across a number of cancers. By combining the power of leading scientific minds with our agile and entrepreneurial spirit and the vast resources of a global pharmaceutical company, Takeda Oncology is finding new and innovative ways to improve the treatment of cancer. Additional information about Takeda Oncology is available through its website, www.takedaoncology.com . About Takeda Located in Osaka, Japan, Takeda (TSE: 4502) is a research-based global company with its main focus on pharmaceuticals. As the largest pharmaceutical company in Japan and one of the global leaders of the industry, Takeda is committed to strive towards better health for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine. Additional information about Takeda is available through its corporate website, www.takeda.com .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited was 23.43000030517578 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited was ",
 "expected": "23.93000030517578",
 "date": "2015-09-09",
 "ticker": "TAK",
 "company": "Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited"
}