{
 "context": "The following article called 'CIC to tax department: Disclose information on first batch of 5 advance pricing agreements' was published on 2015-07-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has ordered the tax department to make public certain information on the first batch of five advance pricing agreements (APA) signed in India. An APA is a voluntary negotiation between the tax authority and a company with international holdings covering future transactions, with a view to solve potential disputes in a cooperative manner. APAs and APA negotiations are considered confidential the world over and companies disclose sensitive information to authorities on condition that it would not be made public. India had initiated the APA scheme in July 2012. The Central Board of Direct Taxes signed the first batch of agreements with multinational firms on March 31, 2014. Though the CBDT has been parrying RTI queries on the names of these companies, the CIC has directed it to divulge the estimated amount of transactions to which the APAs pertain to and the currency that is recognised for the proposed transaction under each APA. The tax department had earlier denied information on APA agreements citing Section 8 (1) (d) of the RTI Act, which reads: \"Notwithstanding anything contained in the RTI Act, there shall be no obligation to give any citizen information including commercial confidence, trade secrets or intellectual property, the disclosure of which would harm the competitive position of a third party, unless the competent authority is satisfied that larger public interest warrants the disclosure of such information.\" In a response to an application by RTI activist Venkatesh Nayak, the CIC order, while asking for partial disclosure of information, did not take a view on divulging the names of the companies. Information Commissioner MA Khan Yusufi said: \"The Commission is of the considered view that the applicant has been deprived by the respondents (CBDT) deliberately from having the benefits of the RTI Act 2005... Thus, the respondents have defeated the very purpose of the RTI Act 2005 for which it was legislated by Parliament of India.\" During the course of APA negotiations, in order to secure a favourable pricing scheme, a company may have to divulge different types of proprietary information to the tax authority. This could include information about future product launches, which if divulged could compromise the competitive position of the company. The confidential information is provided with explicit requests to maintain confidentiality. The CBDT has maintained that APA programme's success depended on procuring such information and analysing it carefully.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Apache Corporation was 47.655731201171875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Apache Corporation was ",
 "expected": "46.14871597290039",
 "date": "2015-07-15",
 "ticker": "APA",
 "company": "Apache Corporation"
}