{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nigeria: SEEFOR Offers N81 Million Grants to Three Delta Technical Colleges' was published on 2015-10-26. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCote d'Ivoire: President Poised to Cement Power in Vote Mr Benson Ojoko, Delta Coordinator, State Employment and Expenditure for Results Projects (SEEFOR), said on Sunday that the project offered N81 million grants to three technical colleges in the state. Ojoko, who made the disclosure in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Asaba, said that the colleges received the grants during the 2014/2015 academic session. He said that Utagba-Ogbe, Ogor and Isele-Uku technical colleges received N27million grant each, under the second phase of the World BanK/EU-sponsored SEEFOR's Technical, Vocational and Agricultural Training Sub-Component programme. Ojoko said that six technical colleges in the state were beneficiaries of the programme, adding that the state government was funding the remaining three under the counterpart funding arrangement of the project. \"Projects in Agbor, Ofagbe and Sapele technical colleges presently funded by the state government would be reviewed to avoid duplication. \"We are reviewing the improvement plan of the three schools and once the review process is completed their grants would be given to them,\" he said. The coordinator said that the grants were mainly for the acquisition of instructional materials. Ojoko said the financial aids were also meant for the rehabilitation of the colleges as well as procurement of information and communication technology equipment. \"Part of the grants will also be used for the provision of starter pack for graduates of the colleges,\" he added. He said the objective of the programme was to help youths to be self-employed and added that enrolment into the colleges had tremendously increased in the last one year. Ojoko also said that the environment of the colleges was now conducive for learning and that had resulted to the increase in the number of their students. Nigeria \nThe International Crisis Group, a global, Brussels-based NGO dedicated to preventing and resolving conflict, selected \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 The Guardian. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,600 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was 46.22714614868164 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "46.109317779541016",
 "date": "2015-10-26",
 "ticker": "DAL",
 "company": "Delta Air Lines, Inc."
}