{
 "context": "The following article called 'GRA ready for single window operation' was published on 2015-08-11. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  11 August 2015 11:00 CET GRA ready for single window operation By GNA \nAccra, Aug. 10, GNA - The Ghana Revenue Authority says it is ready to begin the processing of the Customs Classification and Valuation Report (CCRV) from September 1, 2015. \nThe CCRV would replace the destination inspection report also known as the Final Classification and Valuation Report (FCVR). \nMr George Blankson, Commissioner-General of the GRA told a media briefing that all was set to start the operations of the single window in September. \nHe said the new system would adopt a collaborative approach, where customs, freight fowarders, brokers, and other stakeholders, work together to provide services to Ghana's Trading Community, supported by service providers such as GCNet, West Blue Consulting and Scanning Companies. \n'This arrangement is to create a synergy that utilizes the core competencies of each of the stakeholders to implement a seamless, efficient and user-friendly e-clearance regime in a National Single Window environment,' Mr Blankson said. \nHe said the PAARS system is an integrated and shared risk platform that would help overcome the inefficiencies in the current regime, including duplications, as a result of non-integrated systems, lack of real time notifications to declarants and manual document processing of import transactions. \n'This system, utilizing a robust risk engine, will assist authorized officials to perform a comprehensive assessment of imported goods, by classifying, valuing and risk assessing them, based on international standards and conventions,' Mr Blankson said. \nTo aid trader compliance and provide timely trade information to the public, Mr Blankson said an interactive trade information portal www.ghanastradinghub.gov.gh would be launched as part of the programme on September 1, 2015 to aid compliance at source. \nThe PAARS services will be delivered from the Customs Technical Services Bureau. \n'Whereas we know that system changes of this national scale will not go without some teething issues, we are solidly prepared with our contingency plans to ensure a seamless and hitch-free transition as possible,' he said, adding that, a dedicated Toll free help line would be set up for the public during the period. \nMr Kuudamnuru John Vianney, Acting Commissioner Customs Division, said users must register on line to be able to process their import declaration forms, adding that, the issuance of all FCVR would cease at the close of work on August 31, 2015. \nHe said active and unutilized FCVRs would be valid for 30 days ending October 2, after which all outstanding ones would become void. \nGNA\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of ConAgra Foods, Inc. was 29.633901596069336 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of ConAgra Foods, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "29.436302185058594",
 "date": "2015-08-11",
 "ticker": "CAG",
 "company": "ConAgra Foods, Inc."
}