{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nasdaq's BWise Positioned as a Category Leader in Chartis RiskTech Quadrant(R) for Enterprise GRC Solutions' was published on 2015-07-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNasdaq's BWise Positioned as a Category Leader in Chartis RiskTech Quadrant(R) for Enterprise GRC Solutions July 14, 2015 05:31 ET | Source: The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. \nNEW YORK and LONDON, July 14, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq's BWise (Nasdaq: NDAQ ), a global leader in enterprise Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (e GRC ), announced today that it has been positioned as a category leader in the Chartis RiskTech Quadrant \u00ae for Enterprise GRC Solutions 2015. According to the Chartis Research report , Nasdaq BWise belongs to the 'leaders' category showing \"key strengths in multiple industries.\" In total, nineteen vendors have been positioned on their enterprise GRC technology offering based on 'completeness of offering' and 'market potential'. \n\"Ultimately, category leaders combine deep domain knowledge in various risk topics with deep technology assets and capabilities,\" said Peyman Mestchian, Managing Partner, Chartis Research. \"They can demonstrate this by addressing the needs of very large clients with complex risk management and technology requirements, as well as addressing the needs of smaller clients with standardized requirements looking for packaged solutions from a single vendor.\" \n\"Transparency, trust and integrity are important aspects for achieving maximum business performance while being in control of your financial, operational and reputational risks,\" said Luc Brandts, Chief Technology Officer, BWise. \"With more than 20 years of experience in enterprise GRC software serving hundreds of clients who operate globally, we have a complete understanding on how to measure and effectively manage risks across an organization. We are pleased with the recognition in Chartis Research's report showing the strength of our industry leading software, services and vision.\" \nThe Chartis RiskTech Quadrant\u00ae explains the structure of the market and uses a comprehensive methodology of in-depth independent research and a clear scoring system to explain which technology solutions meet an organization's needs. The RiskTech Quadrant\u00ae does not simply describe one technology solution as the best enterprise GRC software solution; it has a sophisticated ranking methodology to explain which solutions would be best for specific buyers. To get an updated overview of the enterprise GRC software landscape, please request the full report via www.chartis-research.com . \nFor more information about Nasdaq BWise, please visit: www.bwise.com . \nAbout Chartis \nChartis is the leading provider of research and analysis on the global market for risk technology. Its goal is to support enterprises as they drive business performance through better risk management, corporate governance and compliance. Chartis helps clients make informed technology and business decisions by providing in-depth analysis and actionable advice on virtually all aspects of risk technology \u2013 www.chartis-research.com . \nRiskTech Quadrant\u00ae and RiskTech100\u00ae are registered trademarks of Chartis Research limited. \nAbout Nasdaq BWise \nNasdaq BWise is a global leader in Enterprise Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (GRC) software. Based on a strong heritage in business process management, the BWise \u00ae GRC Platform provides companies with highly-rated, proven software solutions for Risk Management, Internal Control, Internal Audit, Compliance & Policy Management, IT GRC and Sustainability Performance Management. \nBWise's end-to-end solutions support an organization's ability to understand, track, measure, and manage key organizational risks. Nasdaq BWise helps companies truly be in control by balancing performance with their financial and reputational risks, improving corporate accountability, increasing financial, strategic and operating efficiencies. Using BWise, organizations are able to efficiently comply with anti-corruption regulations like FCPA and the UK Bribery Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, European Corporate Governance Codes, ISAE3402/SAS-70, PCI-DSS, Solvency II, Basel II and III, Dodd-Frank, ISO-standards, and many more. \nNasdaq BWise sales, service and support offices around the globe provide for the GRC needs of hundreds of leading companies worldwide. For more information, visit www.bwise.com . \nNDAQG Nasdaq Media Contact: Ryan Wells +1 (212) 231-5541 (Office) +1 (646) 581-4286 (Mobile) Related Articles other press releases by The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Gorman-Rupp Company (The) was 23.984485626220703 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Gorman-Rupp Company (The) was ",
 "expected": "23.476160049438477",
 "date": "2015-07-14",
 "ticker": "GRC",
 "company": "Gorman-Rupp Company (The)"
}