{
 "context": "The following article called 'Sara Investment Real Estate Acquires Office Building in O'Fallon' was published on 2015-07-07. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSara Investment Real Estate Acquires Office Building in O'Fallon Purchase expands firm's presence in St. Louis market \"We are pleased to expand our presence in the St. Louis area, and continue to seek investment opportunities,\" said Jared Stinehagen, Vice President of Operations - Southern Region. ST. LOUIS, MO, July 07,   Sara Investment Real Estate, LLC, a full-service commercial real estate investment and brokerage company, has closed on the purchase of the Nortek Global HVAC building. The purchase, made with support from Midland States Bank, is the firm's second in the St. Louis market. The single-tenant building at 8000 Phoenix Parkway in O'Fallon has a total of 69,377 square feet - 34,677 square feet of office space on the main level, and 34,700 square feet of research and development space in its lower level. The acquisition, about 35 miles northwest of St. Louis, enhances Sara Investment Real Estate's investment in the market and illustrates the firm's continuing growth throughout the Midwest. \"We are pleased to expand our presence in the St. Louis area, and continue to seek investment opportunities,\" said Jared Stinehagen, Vice President of Operations - Southern Region. \"The property and the tenant that occupies its space are a great addition to our portfolio.\" Stinehagen is based in St. Louis. In May, the firm purchased a multi-tenant office and warehouse building in the Fenton Industrial Park in Fenton. Tenants there include BJC Healthcare and SIM Surgical (Surgical Instruments Manufacturing.) About Sara Investment Real Estate, LLC With offices in Madison, Minneapolis and St. Louis, Sara Investment Real Estate, LLC develops, leases, finances and manages high quality properties throughout the upper and lower Midwest. Sara builds successful partnerships with investors, tenants, financial partners, other developers and employees to complete and manage quality projects. The firm provides commercial real estate wealth management solutions to select investors through a network of wealth management partners. Sara Investment Real Estate, founded in 1997, owns and operates more than 2.25 million square feet valued at more than $200 million. # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ellington Financial LLC was 9.358187675476074 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ellington Financial LLC was ",
 "expected": "9.473603248596191",
 "date": "2015-07-07",
 "ticker": "EFC",
 "company": "Ellington Financial LLC"
}