{
 "context": "The following article called 'Trading Technologies Bolsters ASP Platform Participation With Two Inductees' was published on 2015-09-23. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTrading Technologies Bolsters ASP Platform Participation With Two Inductees Trading Technologies Bolsters ASP Platform Participation With Two Inductees Following the addition of CMS and RHB, the X_TRADER ASP network now boasts more than 50 sell-side participants. Advertising Print This Post \nTrading Technologies International, Inc. (TT), a provider of high-performance professional trading software, has welcomed China Merchant Securities (CMS) Hong Kong and RHB Securities Singapore Pte. Ltd as participating brokers in TT\u2019s global X_TRADER ASP service, according to a TT statement. \nCMS provides users with route ordering services to TT\u2019s comprehensive global trading network via direct market access (DMA) to forty-five sovereign markets. Following the addition of CMS and RHB, the X_TRADER ASP network now boasts more than 50 sell-side participants. Additionally, more than 200 buy-side firms are currently trading through X_TRADER ASP. \nAccording to Robbie McDonnell, EVP global sales for TT in a recent statement on the induction of CMS, \u201cWe are very pleased to welcome CMS into the X_TRADER ASP community. Adding CMS, with their expertise in the Hong Kong and China markets along with a recently expanded footprint in the UK, will be a competitive advantage to us as we expand our customer base in China and the rest of Asia.\u201d \nIn addition to the induction, TT has also partnered with FEX Global Pty. Limited (FEX), an Asian-based energy and commodities futures exchange, to provide the exchange\u2019s trading participants with the company\u2019s next-generation TT trading platform. \nTT\u2019s platform utilizes a software-as-a-service (SaaS) delivery model and the new agreement will allow trading participants to access the FEX Global markets across multiple asset classes, including commodities and energy futures contracts. \n\u201cThis agreement will enable trading access to our market from launch for our clients. The new TT platform will enable our clients to access and utilize the key benefits of TT, which features a fully integrated suite of sophisticated trading applications and high-performance trading tools through a significantly simplified infrastructure environment,\u201d noted Tom Price, CEO of FEX Global, in a recent statement on the contracting. \nTT has been highly active in 2015, launching a number of partnerships, integrations, and accords with a plethora of financial service providers. Back in June, TT partnered with Nasdaq to foster greater connectivity on Nasdaq\u2019s European commodities operation . The accord saw Nasdaq assimilate TT\u2019s platform to include the exchange group\u2019s Nordic benchmark power market and German power contracts. Got a news tip? Let Us Know FOUND A MISTAKE\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of CMS Energy Corporation was 28.03546905517578 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of CMS Energy Corporation was ",
 "expected": "28.578306198120117",
 "date": "2015-09-23",
 "ticker": "CMS",
 "company": "CMS Energy Corporation"
}