{
 "context": "The following article called 'Lionstone \"Down for Maintenance\" as Client Complaints Mount' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nPrint This Post Yet another firm might have bowed out of the Russian market without making any official pronouncement. For the past two days at least, the Lionstone website (lionstone.ru) has been completely inoperative, only displaying a message that the server is down for maintenance. At the same time, Russian-language forex forums have seen a considerable increase in the number of client complaints. It appears that clients can not reach the brokerage support service via email, chat or phone as well as demo trade or withdraw their funds. Some commenters report that they have requested a withdrawal months ago but still have not received any reply. Presenting itself as a \u201cBritish broker operating in Russia and the CIS since 2009, Lionstone Investment Services, withdrawn in February of this year from The Financial Commission \u2013 the independent resolution organization which resolves disputes between traders and brokers. Past prominent figures such as Alexander Beliakov, the ex-President of Lionstone Investment Services, as well as other former employes of the firm, Mikhail Chistyakov and Grigory Belyakov, have all transferred to the binary options technology firm Binaryware quite a while ago. Binaryware was a spinoff from Lionstone, based on its Binarystation platform, presented in January 2014 . The two firms are not related anymore and no issue has been reported with the performance of Binarystation. Finance Magnates has tried to reach out to the current management of Lionstone Investment Services but was not successful so far (our emails bounced). If and when the company replys or the situation develops we will update our readers. Got a news tip? Let Us Know FOUND A MISTAKE\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Cisco Systems, Inc. was 23.196128845214844 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Cisco Systems, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "23.097667694091797",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "CSCO",
 "company": "Cisco Systems, Inc."
}