{
 "context": "The following article called 'D-day - How To Plan Your Taxes Before The Big Day (Rhia Styles)' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Rhia Styles Aug 6, 2015 Instead of waiting until the last minute, the best thing you can do is plan your taxes early to avoid any trouble in the long run. Taxes are the one topic in which we can avoid, however cannot escape. Starting the process early can help you get a handle on what needs to be done, help you save your hard earned cash, and get a suitable tax return. In order to get everything done swiftly and smoothly, seeking help from a tax planning agency Cambridge will be your best solution, especially if you have set up your own business. Each tax planning agency has specialised professionals on their team, all with extreme financial knowledge.When it comes to choosing a tax planning agency, it's always a good idea to do a quick search on the pervious track record of the agencies you are looking at. You should also take into consideration the feedback from their past and current clients. Once you've looked into this and you are satisfied, you can then make a decision on which agency you would like to work for you.In order to organise yourself ahead of D-day, make sure to gather all of your necessary documents that are required at the time of tax filing, for example, tax return from the previous year, your ID number, proof of your income and any other details related to investments. Once you've gathered all of the relevant information, the tax agency experts will take care of the rest for you.Bare in mind there is also a R&D tax credits Cambridge, this is basically corporation tax relief. The UK government introduced this scheme in order to urge companies to invest in research and development. This way the nation can then boast of a high end R&D pool in the global arena, and at the same time companies will gain tax incentive. This is mainly ideal for startup companies that have a low capital or are cash trapped because they can recover up to 25% of qualifying costs. However the R&D tax credits relief can be claimed only by companies who are applicable for corporation tax.There are specialised taxation accountants Cambridge who have incredible knowhow on information related to tax legislation and compliance, and how it influences your financial decisions. All accountants keep themselves updated with the latest changes, additions and developments that take place in tax laws to ensure clients are not misled. Accountants also advice companies and individuals on the kind of financial tools to opt for to minimise income tax, and save more and more money over time. About the Author Rhia Styles for BAAM Agency. For more information on this article, please visit www.ashcroftanthony.com Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Cambridge Bancorp was 37.886940002441406 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Cambridge Bancorp was ",
 "expected": "37.886940002441406",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "CATC",
 "company": "Cambridge Bancorp"
}