{
 "context": "The following article called 'AGCO Launches Fuse Services to Improve Grower Efficiency' was published on 2015-08-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nAGCO Launches Fuse Services to Improve Grower Efficiency By Zacks Equity Research 3 hours ago \ue071 Content preferences Done AGCO Corporation AGCO has introduced a new customer offering, Fuse Connected Services, through AGCO dealers. The services will assist customers to optimize their operation and maximize uptime. Moreover, it will help farmers improve overall farm efficiency by reducing maintenance and input costs while ensuring superior yields.For ages, agricultural farmers have faced various risks including soil tailoring, crop management, climate change and so on. It was difficult for farmers to correlate production techniques and crop yields with land variability which limited their ability to develop the effective soil/plant treatment strategies that could have enhanced production. The introduction of precision farming supports production inputs management.Fuse is AGCO\u2019s next-generation approach to precision agriculture that connects the entire crop cycle from enterprise planning to planting, crop care, harvesting and grain storage. It also provides mixed-fleet farming operations, improved access to farm data, resulting in enhanced productivity and profitability.Fuse blends the right machines, technology and parts supported by AGCO Service and AGCO Advanced Technology Solutions (ATS). The service will enable growers to make more informed business decisions through preventative maintenance, machine condition monitoring and year-round consultation.Fuse Connected Services will be launched at select AGCO dealers in North America and Western Europe in the third and fourth quarters of 2015. At launch, two to three service packages will be available, varying by region, with various stages of firsthand support from dealers.Level one will allow customers to conduct self-monitoring, data transfer and management plus set-up, calibration and operation support from the global Fuse Contact Center via phone, live chat and email. Higher level packages will offer proactive, remote condition monitoring by dealer experts, off-season inspections and reviews, operational consultation and training. Specific service packages and pricing will vary based on individual customer needs and dealer capabilities.Services will be phased in gradually this year and next, starting with Challenger and Gleaner dealers in North America, followed by Challenger and Fendt dealers in Western Europe in the first half of 2016. Other markets are expected to begin piloting and offering Fuse Connected Services in 2016 and 2017.Most of the Fuse Connected Services will be enabled by a new release of AGCO\u2019s AgCommand telemetry product. Future releases of AgCommand will further enhance AGCO dealers\u2019 customer support and remote monitoring capabilities.Duluth, GA-based AGCO is a global leader focused on the design, manufacture and distribution of agricultural machinery. AGCO supports more productive farming through a full line of tractors, combines, hay tools, sprayers, forage equipment, tillage, implements, grain storage and protein production systems, as well as related replacement parts.AGCO currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). Other favorably ranked stocks in the sector include Lindsay Corporation LNN, Titan International Inc. TWI and ACCO Brands Corporation ACCO. All these stocks carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Acco Brands Corporation was 6.553846836090088 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Acco Brands Corporation was ",
 "expected": "6.730978488922119",
 "date": "2015-08-27",
 "ticker": "ACCO",
 "company": "Acco Brands Corporation"
}