{
 "context": "The following article called 'Electrolux Selects Nasdaq's BWise for GRC Efforts' was published on 2015-07-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nElectrolux Selects Nasdaq's BWise for GRC Efforts The Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (GRC) Platform Will Enable Further Improvement of Electrolux's Internal Control Program July 15, 2015 05:01 ET | Source: The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. \nSTOCKHOLM, Sweden and NEW YORK, July 15, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq's BWise (Nasdaq: NDAQ ), a global leader in enterprise Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (e GRC ), announced today that it has been selected by Electrolux , a global leader in home and professional appliances with headquarters in Stockholm. Electrolux will begin using the integrated GRC platform by initially implementing the software solution for internal control to further improve its internal control program and standards. \n\"We are pleased to welcome Electrolux to the BWise GRC community,\" said Peter de Verdier, Vice President and Head of BWise. \"As a market-leading, globally-operated company, Electrolux understands the importance of an integrated GRC approach very well. With an increasing number of clients in the Nordics like Electrolux, we are able to bolster localized knowledge sharing and leverage mutual experiences to better benefit our clients' needs in this region.\" \nThe Nasdaq BWise\u00ae GRC Platform will not only provide the technology to support Electrolux's GRC program, but will also help the company to improve proper and efficient documentation of internal control work. In addition, the platform will allow Electrolux to enable day-to-day monitoring of their program via automated dashboards, and provide and improve reliable reporting and communications with management, external audit and the audit committee. \nBWise is a Nasdaq fully-owned company and positioned by independent analysts such as Forrester , Gartner and Chartis as a leader in enterprise GRC platforms. \nFor more information about Nasdaq BWise, please visit: www.bwise.com . \nAbout Electrolux \nElectrolux is a global leader in home appliances, based on deep consumer insight and developed in close collaboration with professional users. Electrolux offers thoughtfully designed, innovative and sustainable solutions for households and businesses, with products such as refrigerators, dishwashers, washing machines, cookers, vacuum cleaners, air conditioners and small domestic appliances. \nUnder esteemed brands including Electrolux, AEG, Zanussi, Frigidaire and Electrolux Grand Cuisine, the Group sells more than 50 million products to customers in more than 150 countries every year. In 2014, Electrolux had sales of SEK 112 billion and about 60,000 employees. \nElectrolux has been doing business since 1919. The headquarters are located in Stockholm, Sweden, and the Electrolux share is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. \nAbout Nasdaq BWise \nNasdaq BWise is a global leader in Enterprise Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (GRC) software. Based on a strong heritage in business process management, the BWise \u00ae GRC Platform provides companies with highly-rated, proven software solutions for Risk Management, Internal Control, Internal Audit, Compliance & Policy Management, IT GRC and Sustainability Performance Management. \nBWise's end-to-end solutions support an organization's ability to understand, track, measure, and manage key organizational risks. Nasdaq BWise helps companies truly be in control by balancing performance with their financial and reputational risks, improving corporate accountability, increasing financial, strategic and operating efficiencies. Using BWise, organizations are able to efficiently comply with anti-corruption regulations like FCPA and the UK Bribery Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, European Corporate Governance Codes, ISAE3402/SAS-70, PCI-DSS, Solvency II, Basel II and III, Dodd-Frank, ISO-standards, and many more. \nNasdaq BWise sales, service and support offices around the globe provide for the GRC needs of hundreds of leading companies worldwide. For more information, visit www.bwise.com . \nNDAQG Media Contact details: Nasdaq Media Contact: Ryan Wells +1 (212) 231-5541 (Office) +1 (646) 581-4286 (Mobile) Electrolux Media Contact: Paul Palmstedt Acting Head of Group Media Relations +46 8 738 60 00 www.electrolux.se www.electroluxgroup.com Related Articles\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Gorman-Rupp Company (The) was 23.874353408813477 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Gorman-Rupp Company (The) was ",
 "expected": "23.433801651000977",
 "date": "2015-07-15",
 "ticker": "GRC",
 "company": "Gorman-Rupp Company (The)"
}