{
 "context": "The following article called 'Shell declares force majeure on Nigerian gas supplies to NLNG' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nThu, Aug 6, 2015, 13:22 BST - UK Markets close in 3 hrs 8 mins Shell declares force majeure on Nigerian gas supplies to NLNG Reuters - UK Focus \u2013 6 minutes ago 1,877.50 +1.5000 \nABUJA, Aug 6 (Reuters) - Shell (LSE: RDSB.L - news ) declared force majeure on gas supplies to Nigeria's LNG export terminal on Bonny Island in Rivers State due to a pipeline leak, a spokesman for the company said on Thursday. \n\"Shell declared force majeure on gas supplies from SPDC to NLNG (Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas Co), effective August 4,\" spokesman Precious Okolobo said, adding that the company was still investigating the cause of the leak. \nSPDC is Shell's Nigerian joint venture with state oil company Nigerian National Petroleum Corp. (Reporting by Julia Payne; additional reporting by Oleg Vukmanovic in Milan; editing by Jason Neely) Tax cuts, pensions, childcare, online accounts and beer duty, here's \u2026 Related Stock Articles Should You Follow Director Buying At Royal Dutch Shell Plc And ARM Holdings plc? - Fool.co.uk Follow the quotes you care about most. Access timely news and investment updates to stay on top of the market. \u2026 More \u00bb Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was 24.436351776123047 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was ",
 "expected": "23.4943790435791",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "SHLX",
 "company": "Shell Midstream Partners, L.P."
}