{
 "context": "The following article called 'Despite consolidation talk, SBI & associates not thinking merger' was published on 2015-08-19. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nDespite consolidation talk, SBI & associates not thinking merger By ET Bureau | 19 Aug, 2015, 10.16AM IST ET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: The government may be eager to see state-run banks come up with plans to consolidate, but the biggest is balking on merging its subsidiaries with itself. State Bank of India , which could have done it in the easiest possible way due to common ownership and familiar management, has put the merger of its five associates with itself on hold as the giant grapples with challenges thrown by technology. \"The conversion to digital that is happening at such a fast pace, that's a very big challenge,\" said SBI chairman, Arundhati Bhattacharya , after the launch of SBI m-wallet `SBI Buddy' and SBI Foundation , the company that will undertake CSR activity on behalf of the entire SBI group.\"The fact that we have many other layers coming in like payments banks, universal banks, licence on tap, disintermediation is happening through the crowd-funding platforms, crypto currency popping up here and there, so challenges are multi-fold today.\" Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government launched Indradhanush, a plan to reform Indian public sector banking, which included the possibility of more than a score of staterun lenders considering merging among themselves for operational efficiency. Many are regional-focused and are starved of capital and see mounting bad loans. \"We have to be optimistic (on consolidation),\" said Hasmukh Adhia, secretary, financial services. \"We hope that once Bank Board Bureau (BBB) is in place, they would interact with the boards of various PSBs (public sector banks) to understand their strategy and to guide them about the need for restructuring and consolidation, if any. The government has to depend on a professional body like BBB to advise it.\" SBI chief said that at some point of time the bank would merge its associate banks because there are lot many challenges.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Centerspace was 52.415733337402344 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Centerspace was ",
 "expected": "51.841304779052734",
 "date": "2015-08-19",
 "ticker": "CSR",
 "company": "Centerspace"
}