{
 "context": "The following article called 'Rwanda: Facebook to Launch Kinyarwanda Version At Transform Africa Summit in Kigali' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nRwanda: Facebook to Launch Kinyarwanda Version At Transform Africa Summit By Davis Weddi When Rwanda hosts this year's Transform Africa summit in three-day's time, one of the events to look out for will be Facebook's ceremony to launch Internet.org and Facebook in Kinyarwanda, the main language spoken in Rwanda. The 'Transform Africa 2015' summit, that takes place between October 19-21, will be co-hosted by Rwanda President Paul Kagame and Houlin Zhao Secretary General of the International Telecommunication Union (ITU). The summit will also see the launch of the Global Innovation and SME platform. The summit will bring together heads of states from several African countries, delegates from UN Broadband Commission on digital Development, heads of Smart Africa organisations, technology chief executives, technology experts, young innovators and women technologists from a cross Africa and beyond. This high-level event will be held under the theme, \"Accelerating Digital Innovation,\" and is expected to discuss among other things Africa's digital talent and foster cross border entrepreneurship. It has been announced that 2500 delegates from 46 countries among whom will be 50 speakers will be attending the summit. Additionally, 42 African companies and 25 foreign companies will be participating. The Summit that will feature a wide range of events according to the summit website, will be a platform for showcasing \"exponential technologies powered by broadband connectivity such as the Internet of Things (IoT), Cloud Computing, Big Data, Analytics, Social Media, UAV (Drones) are creating unprecedented new challenges and opportunities across the world, both in private and public sectors. Combined with an impressive growth in mobility, a revolution in financial services and a tech-savvy youthful population, these technologies have the potential of ushering Africa into the global digital economy.\" It will also feature a \"Leaders' summit: bringing together Heads of State and Governments to address a plenary audience in a visionary session. During the summit, the Smart Africa Board meeting will run in parallel as a closed session attended by members of the Smart Africa Alliance.\" Rwanda \nA silent street party is what best describes the recent premier of Kigali's the first silent disco, a new phenomenon \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 CIO East Africa. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,700 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation was 7.2176713943481445 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation was ",
 "expected": "7.246612071990967",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "ACRE",
 "company": "Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation"
}