{
 "context": "The following article called 'Facebook Inc Recruits More Publishers for Instant Articles, Google and Twitter Fight Back' was published on 2015-09-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFacebook Inc Recruits More Publishers for Instant Articles, Google and Twitter Fight Back Facebook is expanding Instant Articles to more users and more publishers. Adam Levy Sep 30, 2015 at 8:48AM One of the first Instant Articles on Facebook from National Geographic . Source: Facebook. \nSince launching Instant Articles this spring, the new Facebook ( NASDAQ:FB ) feature hasn't made a lot of noise. Instant Articles shift the hosting responsibilities of content to Facebook's servers, allowing media-rich articles to load in fractions of a second. It's a response to the average eight-second load time Facebook says its mobile users typically experience. \nUp until now, Facebook has purposely kept the number of users seeing Instant Articles small. Just 12.5% of iPhone users were able to see Instant Articles from just nine publishers. Earlier this month, the company announced that it would expand Instant Articles to nearly two dozen more publishers and start ramping up the number of users that have access to the feature. \nThis indicates that Facebook saw positive results from its early tests, and it's ready to start scaling. What exactly are those positive results? \nIncreasing engagement The main idea behind Instant Articles is that increasing the speed with which a piece of content loads will decrease the abandonment rate. That means more people will end up actually reading an article they clicked on, so publishers receive more engagement from readers. For Facebook, it decreases the chances a user will simply close the entire app and look for entertainment or information elsewhere -- such as its competitors Google ( NASDAQ:GOOG ) ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) or Twitter ( NYSE:TWTR ) . \nThat's exactly what Facebook says is happening. Michael Reckhow, the executive overseeing the project, told Re/Code he's seeing \"really good engagement.\" He neglected to provide anything specific, though. \nThe increased engagement is great for publishers, which will no longer suffer from \"viewers\" who never actually view the site. Facebook's terms are also favorable, allowing publishers to keep 100% of ad revenue they sell against their content. If publishers elect to let Facebook fill their ad inventory, Facebook keeps 30%. That's slightly better terms than the 32% of ad revenue Google takes from publishers using AdSense. \nThat also means that Facebook stands to gain ad revenue in a shift from mobile websites to Instant Articles while Google loses. Most of Facebook's early publishers are capable of filling their own ad inventories, so the early impact will be minimal. As Instant Articles scales to smaller publishers, however, Facebook could take a chunk of Google's estimated $1.5 billion mobile display ad business. \nPublishers going all in Facebook says the nine publishers it launched Instant Articles with are producing \"hundreds\" of articles daily. New partner Washington Post says it will publish every single one of its articles in the new format. \nIndeed, the increased engagement is a pretty good carrot to dangle in front of publishers weighing the merits of Instant Articles. It means more people click through to read, which means more ad view and more shares, which means more readers, and so on. \nThere's also an imposing stick for publishers that opt to host ad-supported content on their own sites. With the launch of the new iOS, iPhone owners can now use ad blockers. Those same ad blockers can't touch natively hosted content such as Facebook's Instant Articles, but they can touch articles Facebook loads in a browser, which is how it currently displays articles for almost everyone. That means a growing number of views publishers receive from Facebook link-outs won't produce any revenue. \nGoogle and Twitter answer back Google is working on its own version of Instant Articles that it plans to be open-source. Twitter has already said it's on board. Their impetus is clear: Google wants to prevent Facebook from taking share of its mobile ad revenue, and Twitter wants to prevent Facebook de-emphasizing its relevance for news consumption. \nBoth of those fears are well substantiated -- Facebook is already used as a source for news by 63% of its users, the rise of Instant Articles could coincide with an increase in that number as well. \nGoogle's solution doesn't offer any immediate benefits to the company; it just maintains its position that Facebook's Instant Articles threaten. As Instant Articles increase the amount of time users spend on Facebook, the company will be able to increase its revenue per user by showing them News Feed ads as well as ads within Instant Articles while Google loses some of its mobile display ad revenue. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nAdam Levy has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns and recommends Facebook, Google (A shares), Google (C shares), and Twitter. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Adam Levy Fool Contributor Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Sep 30, 2015 at 8:48AM Technology and Telecom\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 86.66999816894531 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "90.94999694824219",
 "date": "2015-09-30",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}