{
 "context": "The following article called 'Deutsche Bank, UBS, RBS Pension Business Face Threat?' was published on 2015-08-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nDeutsche Bank, UBS, RBS Pension Business Face Threat? By Zacks Equity Research 9 hours ago \ue071 Content preferences Done \nIt seems receiving a waiver from regulatory authorities is not an easy task for banks. Three global banking giants \u2013 Deutsche Bank AG DB, UBS Group AG UBS and The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc RBS \u2013 face threat as the U.S. Labor Department may not allow them to continue with their pension management business in the U.S.Earlier this year, these banks pleaded guilty to manipulating foreign exchange or benchmark interest rates. As required, they applied to the Labor Department for exemptions to permit them to maintain their \u201cqualified professional asset manager\u201d status that will enable them to continue providing certain asset management services to pension funds.However, on Jul 16, in letters to Deutsche Bank, UBS Group and the Royal Bank of Scotland, the Labor Department mentioned that it has \u201ctentatively\" decided not to propose the requested exemptions owing to the banks \u201cfailure to demonstrate that the exemptions would be in the interest of plan clients.\u201dNotably, the letters provided the banks a period of 40 days, giving them an opportunity to present additional information, supporting their requests.Per a UBS spokesman, \u201cWe continue to engage with the DOL through the full application process to provide the information that we believe supports the grant of an exemption.\" Also, Deutsche Bank is in discussion with the Labor Department to address the regulator\u2019s concerns.U.S. regulators have been under pressure to strictly examine regulatory exemptions sought by financial bigwigs with criminal convictions. Notably, in June, a number of Democratic lawmakers pushed the Labor Department to cautiously consider whether to grant waivers to the banks.The lawmakers made such a request through a letter stating, \u201cIn determining whether to grant these waivers, we urge you to give due weight to the seriousness of their criminal behavior, their extensive recidivist history, and the need to protect our nation\u2019s workers and retirees from these bad actors who have admitted to misappropriating client information and overcharging them for over five years.\u201dIn the May forex settlement, Citigroup Inc. C and JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM were among the other banks that pleaded guilty, apart from UBS Group and the Royal Bank of Scotland. Citigroup and JPMorgan have also sought waivers from the Labor Department for their pension management business.Though nothing can be concluded with certainty about the extent of relieve the banks will receive from the department through their waiver requests, we believe any potential final decision of the regulator declining the requests will hurt the U.S. business of these foreign banks to some extent.The Labor Department\u2019s potential decision undoubtedly warns banks that they cannot get away with their misconduct by mere settlements with huge fines and guilty plea. \nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was 28.532146453857422 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was ",
 "expected": "27.56087875366211",
 "date": "2015-08-29",
 "ticker": "DB",
 "company": "Deutsche Bank AG"
}