{
 "context": "The following article called 'Top 3 Big Tech Stocks Trading Fast And Near Buy Point' was published on 2015-09-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nStocks Bleed A Lot Of Red; Amazon, Buffalo Wild Wings Hold Up \nBuyers were nowhere to be found in late-afternoon trading Friday, one day after the Fed reignited global growth concerns by leaving interest rates alone. The Dow Jones industrials lagged, falling 1.5%. Nearly half of the Dow components fell 2% more. Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) and JPMorgan (NYSE:JPM) ... 02:53 PM ET Apple stock flat amid conflicting iPhone sales forecasts \nApple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock is treading water ahead of the company's iPhone 6S launch next Friday. Shares were flat near 114 in afternoon trading in the stock market today. Wall Street analysts seem split over whether the company can increase iPhone unit sales with its ninth-generation smartphones. ... 02:20 PM ET Gilead, Tesla Lead Week's Insider Stock Transactions \nOnce again, Gilead is one of the week's notable insider stock transactions. Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD) Director John Cogan sold 15,000 shares for $1.65 million on Tuesday \u2014 a week after President John Milligan sold 100,000 shares for $10.3 million and two weeks after Chairman and CEO John ... 02:03 PM ET Facebook Hits Home Run With Instagram, Monetizing Ads \nOne of the biggest announcements from Apple's debut of its new line of iPhones on Sept. 9 was that Facebook's messaging service will be available on the Apple Watch. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) has come a long way from its start as a social network for college students. It's now one of the most ... 01:54 PM ET Adobe Systems jumps after investors reconsider Q3 earnings \nWith its business shift to the Internet cloud largely complete, Adobe Systems (NASDAQ:ADBE) is focused on sales and earnings growth.Adobe late Thursday reported accelerating sales and earnings growth in its fiscal third quarter and beat Wall Street's expectations. The San Jose, Calif.-based digital ... 12:14 PM ET Arista Has Little To Worry About In Case: Analyst \nArista Networks (NYSE:ANET) has little to worry about when it comes to the ongoing legal dispute it has with Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) over patent claims, one analyst says. Alex Henderson at Needham & Co. says he's spoken with Arista management and asked them point-blank whether the routers ... 03:29 PM ET 'Destiny' game takes Activision stock to new heights \nActivision Blizzard (NASDAQ:ATVI) stock hit an all-time high Thursday after the company announced the successful launch of \"Destiny: The Taken King,\" the latest chapter in the Destiny science-fiction action game saga. Activision shares reached 31.47 on the news Thursday afternoon. The stock was ... 02:58 PM ET Amazon, Facebook Holding Up Amid Market Sell-Off \nAmid today's market sell-off, two notable tech names are holding up: Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). The two stocks, along with Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL), are now being referred to as FANG. The four have seen large share-price gains this year. Let's take a look ... 02:54 PM ET T-Mobile CEO Legere: Verizon Go90 Will Be 'Debacle' \nT-Mobile US CEO John Legere says Verizon Communications' (NYSE:VZ) Go90 mobile video service could be a \"debacle,\" and that cable TV firms such as Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) might need to buy a wireless phone company to stay competitive. T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) will bid aggressively in a U.S. government ... 02:48 PM ET Vertex Not A Good Fit For Gilead, Says Piper Jaffray \nPiper Jaffray placed its bets in the biotech M&A speculation game Friday, saying that Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD) could acquire Incyte (NASDAQ:INCY) or Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) but probably wouldn't be as interested in Vertex Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VRTX). In a report reviewing M&A ... 02:22 PM ET\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Amazon.com, Inc. was 538.8699951171875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Amazon.com, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "548.3900146484375",
 "date": "2015-09-18",
 "ticker": "AMZN",
 "company": "Amazon.com, Inc."
}