{
 "context": "The following article called 'Will Valero Energy (VLO) Surprise Earnings Estimates in Q2? - Analyst Blog' was published on 2015-07-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done Leading North American independent refiner and marketer of petroleum products, Valero Energy Corporation VLO is set to report second-quarter 2015 results on Jul 30. Let\u2019s see how things are shaping up prior to the announcement.In the last quarter, the company\u2019s earnings of $1.87 per share beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.74. The outperformance was mainly backed by higher refining throughput margins in each of the company\u2019s regions. The bottom line had also improved from the year-ago quarter level of $1.54 cents. Factors to Consider Among all the independent refiners, Valero offers the most diversified refinery base with a capacity of 2.9 million barrels per day in its 15 refineries located throughout the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean. More importantly, Valero is best positioned to profit from increased refining margins mainly due to its strategic refinery structure that enables it to use cheaper oil for more than half of its needs.Valero Energy being the largest independent refiner in the country remains exposed to the Brent-WTI spread, which has narrowed considerably over the past few months. This, we are apprehensive, may take a toll on margins during the second quarter.Refiners in the U.S. generally face uncertainty regarding future regulations pertaining to greenhouse gas emissions and the potential for higher requirement of biofuels. Other threats include government regulations, weather conditions, crude oil and natural gas prices as well as renewable fuel prices. These might have resulted in increased costs, reduced growth and fines or other sanctions.Another area of concern for the company is its weak operating cash flow. Earnings Whispers Our proven model does not conclusively show that Valero Energy is likely to beat earnings this quarter. That is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1, 2 or 3 for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below. Zacks ESP : Valero Energy currently has an Earnings ESP of 0.00% as both the Most Accurate Estimate and the Zacks Consensus Estimate are pegged at $2.41. Zacks Rank : Valero Energy carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). The stocks with Zacks Rank #1, 2 or 3 have a significantly higher chance of beating earnings. The Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 and 5) should never be considered going into an earnings announcement. Stocks to Consider Here are some companies you may want to consider as our model shows that these have the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat this quarter: Marathon Petroleum Corporation MPC has an Earnings ESP of +1.12% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Suncor Energy Inc. SU has an Earnings ESP of +20.00% and a Zacks Rank #3.Cenovus Energy Inc. CVE has an Earnings ESP of +700.00% and a Zacks Rank #3.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Valero Energy Corporation was 49.356773376464844 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Valero Energy Corporation was ",
 "expected": "48.883487701416016",
 "date": "2015-07-27",
 "ticker": "VLO",
 "company": "Valero Energy Corporation"
}