{
 "context": "The following article called 'Rio Tinto plc, Powerflute Oyj And Spirent Communications Plc: 3 Super Growth Stocks?' was published on 2015-09-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n79.75 +1.0000 \nOne of the challenges for investors is obtaining growth at a reasonable price. Certainly, growth is almost always on offer, but at times the cost of obtaining it can be rather high and this means that, while a company's financial performance may be strong, its shares could end up being a disappointment. \nHowever, with the recent market correction, growth seems to be much more fairly priced. And, while the prospects for China may be somewhat uncertain, the reality is that in every aspect of the financial world there is no such thing as a safe bet. In other words, risks are everywhere. But, as investors, if we pay a fair price given the risks and rewards on offer, then in the long run we should benefit via higher total returns. \nA strong turnaround play? \nOne company that appears to be very fairly priced given its growth prospects and risk profile is Rio Tinto (LSE: RIO). A key downside of investing in the stock is its reliance on sales of iron ore, which amounted to over 90% of profit in 2014. This means that it is, to an extent, a play on the iron ore price. But, with Rio Tinto adding real value via its strategy, its share price performance should be strong over the medium to long term. \nIn fact, Rio Tinto's increase in production, decrease in costs and sensible capital expenditure policy is set to boost its near-term outlook. Certainly, the current year is due to be very disappointing, with profit set to halve. But, with profit growth of 6% being pencilled in for next year, Rio Tinto could become a strong turnaround play. And, with it trading on a price to earnings (P/E) ratio of 13.2, it offers good value for money given that in the long run demand for iron ore will most likely improve as the emerging world continues to grow and the developed world exits recession. \nA good time to buy \nSimilarly, hardware and software solutions provider, Spirent (LSE: SPT), is also set to endure a challenging 2015. Its bottom line is forecast to fall by 19% which, while disappointing, already appears to have been fully reflected in the company's share price. \nThat's because Spirent's shares have fallen by 24% in the last year and, with earnings growth of 37% being forecast for next year, now seems to be a good time to buy a slice of the business. That's especially the case since Spirent trades on a price to earnings growth (PEG) ratio of just 0.5, which indicates that growth is on offer at a very reasonable price. \nStrong progress \nMeanwhile, Finnish packaging company, Powerflute Oyj (LSE: POWR), has today released an upbeat set of interim results which show that the company is making strong progress. In fact, pretax profit increased to ?18m in the first half of the year from just ?7m in the same period of last year. \nA key reason for this was its acquisition of Corenso, but the company also delivered a 2% rise in packaging revenue and an 8% increase in cores and core board revenue. And, with it being on track to meet its full-year guidance, a PEG ratio of just 0.1 indicates that now could be a good time to buy shares in the business. \nOf course, finding stocks that offer growth at a reasonable price is never an easy task. That's why The Motley Fool has written a free and without obligation guide called 7 Simple Steps For Seeking Serious Wealth. \nIt's a step-by-step guide that could make a real difference to your portfolio returns in 2015 by helping you to find the best stocks at the lowest prices . \nClick here to get your copy - it's completely free and comes without any obligation . \nPeter Stephens owns shares of Rio Tinto. The Motley Fool UK has no position in any of the shares mentioned. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Rio Tinto Plc was 21.539043426513672 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Rio Tinto Plc was ",
 "expected": "22.646520614624023",
 "date": "2015-09-08",
 "ticker": "RIO",
 "company": "Rio Tinto Plc"
}