{
 "context": "The following article called 'ARRIS Acquisition of Pace Receives Antitrust Clearance in Portugal' was published on 2015-09-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n. (NASDAQ: ARRS) today announced that its proposed acquisition of Pace plc (LSE: PIC) received unconditional merger clearance from the Portuguese Competition Authority . This clearance follows pre-conditional clearance in Germany and South Africa . ARRIS has now obtained clearance in response to three of its six antitrust-related filings in connection with the combination. \nAbout ARRIS \nARRIS Group , Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS)   \nForward-Looking Statements \nStatements made in this release related to the expected closing date for the Pace combination and the expected impacts of the acquisition are forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. Among other things, completion of the Pace acquisition is subject to satisfaction of a number of conditions outside of ARRIS's control, including receipt of necessary regulatory approvals, and the approval of the shareholders of ARRIS and Pace; ARRIS may fail to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition of Pace; there may be negative effects relating to any future announcements relating to the transaction; and ARRIS may incur significant transaction costs and/or unknown liabilities with respect to the acquisition. These factors are not intended to be an all-encompassing list of risks and uncertainties that may affect the proposed combination and/or ARRIS's business. Additional information regarding these and other factors can be found in ARRIS's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including its Form 10-Q for the year ended June 30, 2015. In providing forward-looking statements, the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update publicly or otherwise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. \nNo Offer or Solicitation \nThis Report is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to subscribe for, purchase or exchange any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction, nor shall there be any sale, issuance, exchange or transfer of the securities referred to in this document in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. \nImportant Additional Information Regarding the Pace Transaction Filed With the SEC \nIn connection with the proposed acquisition of Pace, it is expected that the shares of ARRIS International ('New ARRIS') to be issued by New ARRIS to Pace shareholders under the scheme will be issued in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Section 3(a)(10) thereof. In connection with the issuance of New ARRIS shares to ARRIS stockholders pursuant to the merger that forms a part of the transaction, New ARRIS has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that contains a prospectus of New ARRIS as well as a proxy statement of ARRIS relating to the merger that forms a part of the combination, which we refer to together as the Form S-4/Proxy Statement. \nINVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE FORM S-4/PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRANSACTION, THE PARTIES TO THE TRANSACTION AND THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSACTION. Those documents, if and when filed, as well as ARRIS's and New ARRIS's other public filings with the SEC may be obtained without charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and at ARRIS'S website at http://ir.arris.com . Security holders and other interested parties will also be able to obtain, without charge, a copy of the Form S-4/Proxy Statement and other relevant documents by directing a request by mail to ARRIS Investor Relations, 3871 Lakefield Drive , Suwanee, GA 30024 or at http://ir.arris.com . Security holders may also read and copy any reports, statements and other information filed with the SEC\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of L3Harris Technologies, Inc. was 62.55741882324219 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of L3Harris Technologies, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "65.112060546875",
 "date": "2015-09-29",
 "ticker": "LHX",
 "company": "L3Harris Technologies, Inc."
}