{
 "context": "The following article called 'Credit Suisse in talks to settle 'dark pool' allegations -WSJ' was published on 2015-08-11. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n278.35 -4.25 \nAug 11 (Reuters) - Credit Suisse Group AG is in talks to settle allegations related to its Crossfinder \"dark pool\" trading venue, which could result in a fine running in the high tens of millions of dollars, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter. \nDark pools are broker-run trading venues that let investors trade shares anonymously and only make trading data available afterwards, reducing the chance of information leaking about trade orders. \nThe case against Credit Suisse (Other OTC: CDSSF - news ) include allegations that it facilitated unfair advantages for some traders, didn't follow rules against pricing of stocks and was not able to properly disclose how Crossfinder works to investors, the WSJ said. ( http://on.wsj.com/1PiYX6D ) \nThe bank is in negotiations with the New York Attorney General and the Securities and Exchange Commission and a deal could come as early as the next several weeks, the paper said. \nRepresentatives at Credit Suisse, the SEC and the New York Attorney General's office were not immediately available for comment. \nThe settlement under negotiations would be the biggest fine ever levied against an operator of a private trading venue, the WSJ reported, adding that talks could still fall apart. \nLast year, the New York attorney general brought a lawsuit against Barclays Plc (LSE: BARC.L - news ) accusing the bank of misleading clients in its dark pool. \nIn April, Barclays failed to persuade a U.S (Other OTC: UBGXF - news ) . judge to dismiss a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding shareholders about the trading platform. \nDark pools were designed to let people quietly trade shares before investors in the broader market could learn about and bet against their trades. (Reporting by Shivam Srivastava in Bengaluru; Editing by David Holmes)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Credit Suisse Group was 23.066329956054688 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Credit Suisse Group was ",
 "expected": "22.108205795288086",
 "date": "2015-08-11",
 "ticker": "CS",
 "company": "Credit Suisse Group"
}