{
 "context": "The following article called 'FARO Technologies Inc Earnings Call scheduled for 8:30 am ET today' was published on 2015-07-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFARO Technologies Inc Earnings Call (Q2 2015) Thu, Jul 30, 2015, 8:30 am Eastern \nListen to the archived event audio About FARO Technologies Inc ( FARO ) FARO Technologies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and supports software driven, three-dimensional (3-D) measurement, imaging, and realization systems for manufacturing, industrial, architecture, surveying, building construction, and law enforcement applications. The company offers FaroArm, a combination of six or seven-axis, articulated measurement arm, a computer, and computer-aided measurement (CAM2) software programs; and FARO Laser ScanArm, a FaroArm equipped with a hard probe and non-contact laser line probe to measure products without touching them, as well as offers a seven-axis contact/non-contact measurement device with an integrated laser scanner. It also provides FARO Gage, a combination of an articulated arm device with a computer and software; FARO Laser Tracker Vantage that combines a laser measurement tool, a computer, and CAM2 software programs; FARO 3D Imager AMP, a non-contact 3D imager for collecting millions of points to generate infinitely-focused fringe patterns; and FARO Focus3D to measure and collect a cloud of data points. In addition, the company offers FARO Freestyle3D, a high-precision, handheld scanner that documents rooms, structures, and objects in 3-D, as well as creates high-definition point clouds; and FARO Software, a proprietary CAD-based measurement and laser scanner software. Further, it provides CAM2 Measure 10 to complete measurement jobs; FARO CAM2 Smartinspect, a CAM2 solution for measuring geometry and building dimensions; FARO SCENE software to deliver a scan processing solution; and FARO Forensics software for law enforcement officers, firefighters, and loss control engineers. The company sells its products through direct sales and distributors in the United States, Brazil, Mexico, Germany, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Singapore, Japan, China, and India. FARO Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Lake Mary, Florida. Copyright \u00a9 2015 Yahoo! Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service Copyright \u00a9 2015 FirstCall Events . Historical chart data provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . Company profile information presented on this page is Copyright Capital IQ . Data and information is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended for trading purposes. Neither Yahoo nor any of its data or content providers (such as Capital IQ, CSI, etc.) shall be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FARO Technologies, Inc. was 39.209999084472656 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FARO Technologies, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "43.88999938964844",
 "date": "2015-07-30",
 "ticker": "FARO",
 "company": "FARO Technologies, Inc."
}