{
 "context": "The following article called 'Suddenlink Selects ARRIS to Provide Wi-Fi\u00ae Connectivity Services for Commercial Customers' was published on 2015-10-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done \nSUWANEE, Ga., Oct. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- ARRIS Group Inc . ( ARRS ) today announced that Suddenlink selected ARRIS's Service Provider Wi-Fi solution to deliver carrier-grade Wi-Fi to its commercial customers throughout its 17-state area. \nARRIS's turnkey Service Provider Wi-Fi solution enables Suddenlink to provide its commercial customers with a simple Wi-Fi experience that offers seamless hand-offs between Wi-Fi zones. \n\"Our customers are always looking for new ways to stay ahead of their end users' demands and tap into new vertical markets. For Suddenlink, carrier-grade Wi-Fi was the next step in meeting this important need,\" said Tom McLaughlin, SVP Sales, Americas, ARRIS. \"Our unique expertise and solutions for commercial Wi-Fi deployments give operators like Suddenlink the ability to succeed in the market with fewer risks and greater scale.\" \n\"ARRIS Global Services has the proven expertise and leadership in carrier-grade Wi-Fi to deliver the quality and scale of deployment that our customers expect from Suddenlink,\" said Ivan Lamoureux, VP of DOCSIS and Network Engineering, Suddenlink. \nARRIS's solution leverages the Aptilo Service Management Platform\u2122, Benu Networks Mobile Edge Gateway, and Ruckus ZoneFlex\u2122 access points and virtual SmartZone controller. Suddenlink benefits from ARRIS's Global Service integrated planning, design, and implementation services as well as its unified management and reporting systems and ongoing operational support. \nAbout Suddenlink Suddenlink ( suddenlink.com ) is the seventh largest cable operator in the United States, supporting the information, communication and entertainment demands of more than 1.5 million residential and commercial customers in Arkansas, Louisiana, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Texas, West Virginia and elsewhere. Suddenlink simplifies its customers' lives through one call for support, one connection, and one bill for TV, Internet, phone and other services. \nAbout ARRIS Global Services ARRIS Global Services helps customers plan, design, implement and operate their networks and business processes. Services include installation of network elements; operational, technology and strategic consulting; staff augmentation; strategic outsourcing; and defining and integrating complex, multi-vendor solutions. \nAbout ARRIS ARRIS Group, Inc. ( ARRS ) is a world leader in entertainment and communications technology. Our innovations combine hardware, software, and services across the cloud, network, and home to power TV and Internet for millions of people around the globe. The people of ARRIS collaborate with the world's top service providers, content providers, and retailers to advance the state of our industry and pioneer tomorrow's connected world. Together, we are inventing the future. For more information, visit www.arris.com . \nFor the latest ARRIS news: Check out our blog: ARRIS EVERYWHERE Follow us on Twitter: @ARRIS \nARRIS and the ARRIS Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of ARRIS Enterprises, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. \u00a9 ARRIS Enterprises, Inc. 2015. All rights reserved. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/suddenlink-selects-arris-to-provide-wi-fi-connectivity-services-for-commercial-customers-300158745.html Professional Services\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of L3Harris Technologies, Inc. was 68.53900146484375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of L3Harris Technologies, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "67.67556762695312",
 "date": "2015-10-13",
 "ticker": "LHX",
 "company": "L3Harris Technologies, Inc."
}