{
 "context": "The following article called 'Online marketplaces offer the best Dollar rates in Mumbai (BookMyForex Pvt Ltd)' was published on 2015-08-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy BookMyForex Pvt Ltd Aug 14, 2015 If travel is on your cards sometime soon, there is a lot of planning to be done. Once the hotel and the flight bookings are dealt with and the visa has been procured, there's the cumbersome task of arranging for forex.Most often, in a scramble to get everything done and out of the way, procuring forex is usually left to the end (airport or the hotel). While the currency exchangers at the airport might give you the most current dollar rates , the amount of commission that they charge is exorbitant. They are in fact, the most expensive option for currency exchange. Currency exchangers and banks offer much better deals when it comes to the best dollar rates in Mumbai. However, they will be still heavily padded with commissions, processing charges etc. The advent of the internet has opened up many more avenues for customers, that offer both, convenience as well as value for money. With online forex marketplaces like BookMyForex, you can enjoy the guaranteed best dollar rates in Mumbai at the click of a button. These online marketplaces not only give you a glimpse of the most current dollar rates, but they also compare the best dollar rates in Mumbai offered by various currency exchangers and banks and connect you with the one offering the best deal.You can then proceed to select the forex products of your choice at the best dollar rates in Mumbai. Moreover, they are a one-stop shop for all forex requirements, i.e., currency, travel cards, TCs, money remittance services, travel insurance etc., making life easier for you. As a result, you can gain from their combo offers too.Also, don't miss their value added promotional offers and discounts before you complete the order. Just visit their website BookMyForex.com to get details about various offers and note down the promo code, which you need to mention when booking your order, to avail the discount. You can then proceed to pay for your order online via the various listed payment options. After booking your order, you can either collect it from one of the 4000+locations across 175 cities, or choose to have it home delivered free of cost. Home delivery services are available across 155 cities in India.Apart from looking for current dollar rates, you can contact them at 09212219191 for any queries. About the Author he author of this article is an expert in writing about foreign exchange. To get to know more about best current dollar rates in Mumbai , login to BookMyForex.com and experience the whole new way of buying & selling forex at best & live rates. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of BTCS Inc. was 266.3999938964844 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of BTCS Inc. was ",
 "expected": "261.0",
 "date": "2015-08-14",
 "ticker": "BTCS",
 "company": "BTCS Inc."
}