{
 "context": "The following article called 'EU takes member states to court over 'bail-in' laws to protect taxpayers' was published on 2015-10-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFIA1.HA 0.00 \nBrussels will refer six countries to the European Court of Justice over their failure to apply rules designed to stop taxpayer-funded bank rescues \nThe European Commission is taking legal action against member states including the Netherlands and Luxembourg, after they failed to implement rules protecting European taxpayers from funding billions in bank rescues. \nSix countries will be referred to the European Court of Justice (ECJ) for their continued failure to transpose the EU's \"bail-in\" laws into national legislation, the European Commission said on Thursday. \nThe referral comes after the Commission issued a warning against Poland, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Sweden, Romania and the Czech Republic for their non-compliance earlier this year. \nThe rules - known as the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) - are meant to stop citizens from ever having to foot the bill for saving banks from going bust, preventing a re-run of events that imperiled Spain and Ireland (Other OTC: IRLD - news ) in the wake of the financial crisis. \nInstead, the BRRD will force private shareholders and depositors to automatically take a hit worth 8pc of their total liabilities before any official rescue money can be used to prop them up. \nShould the ECJ rule against the member states, governments could be hit with a daily fine until the directive is fully implemented. \nThe BRRD is a crucial part of the EU's vision to create a banking union among the 19 members of the euro, and is due to come into force on January 1. \nEurope's most powerful member state, Germany, has insisted on protecting citizens rather than private sector creditors as its price for more financial risk-sharing between governments across the euro. As Europe's largest creditor, Berlin does not want its taxpayers in the firing line of another wave of bank defaults as seen in 2010. \nDeposits of less than \u20ac100,000 will still be protected under the new regime. \nBut fragility in Greece's four biggest banks - which will need recapitalising to the tune of \u20ac25bn - has already raised the prospect of the new rules being flouted as soon as they come into force . \n\u2022 Battered Greek banks to flout Brussels new 'bail-in' rules \nVanessa Mock, a spokeswoman for the Commission, said some of the six governments cited the complexity of the directive as a reason for its delayed implementation. \n\"Given that others were able to transpose on time or shortly after the deadline, we feel it\u2019s now high time that we get this moving, which is why we are now referring these countries to court,\" said Ms Mock. \nThe threat of Brussels' legal action is another blow to the Netherlands and Luxembourg, who were told their \"sweetheart\" corporate tax deals are also illegal under EU treaties . \nThe EU's competition regulator ordered both governments to claw back \u20ac20m-\u20ac30m from Starbucks (Swiss: SBUX.SW - news ) and Fiat (Hanover: FIA1.HA - news ) in unpaid taxes earlier this week. \nJean Claude Juncker - prime minister of Luxembourg for two decades - now heads up the Commission, which is the EU's executive arm and guardian of its treaties. \n\u2022 EU rules Starbucks 'sweetheart' tax deals are illegal state subsidies (Other OTC: UBGXF - news )\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was 28.65715980529785 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was ",
 "expected": "29.570728302001953",
 "date": "2015-10-22",
 "ticker": "DB",
 "company": "Deutsche Bank AG"
}