{
 "context": "The following article called 'Open Source Investment Bank? Goldman Sachs Opens Up Prop Trading Systems' was published on 2015-08-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nOpen Source Investment Bank? Goldman Sachs Opens Up Prop Trading Systems Open Source Investment Bank? Goldman Sachs Opens Up Prop Trading Systems Goldman Sachs to begin to open up its proprietary trading strategies and data to buy-side clients as they take an open development approach. Advertising Print This Post Photo:Bloomberg \nIn a bid to strengthen its relationships with buy-side clients, Goldman Sachs is opening up proprietary trading strategies and financial databases to customers. The strategy was revealed in a report from Wall Street Journal, of which Goldman Sachs CIO, R. Martin Chavez, explained that the investment bank is taking a page from Silicon Valley as they decided to apply an open approach. \nUntil now, Goldman Sachs has used its proprietary technology and strategies as a value added service they provide to their buy-side customers such as asset managers, hedge funds, and fund managers to entice them to trade with the investment bank. Examples include trading on behalf of their customers to execute large trades, of which Goldman\u2019s strategies are used detect ideal order entry times to maximize execution quality. \nBy opening up portions of their proprietary systems, customers will theoretically be able to conduct their own analysis and trade with the broker of their choice. However, Goldman Sachs is making a bet that by opening up their strategies and market data it will strengthen their relationship with customers, and increase their overall business with the firm. \nAmong the initial apps being made available to clients are tools for their Marquee trading platform. The apps include SIMON and Strategy Studio. SIMON is a solution targeted at smaller brokers with the ability to create and analyze equity linked derivatives for retail customers. Strategy Studio is a quantitative trading tool to assist money managers to create investments out of their economic views. The two apps follow the release by Goldman Sachs of a Marquee app to handle block trades. \nIn addition to the apps, customers will be watching to see how much of Goldman\u2019s data base, named SecDB, will be made public. Considered one of the best in Wall Street, according to Goldman Sachs, SecDB is able to calculate 23 billion prices for 2.8 million positions and 500,000 market scenarios. For customers, availability of accessing the data base would provide an important research for their own analysis of finding trading ideas. Got a news tip? Let Us Know FOUND A MISTAKE How do you feel about the article? Educated 0\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Goldman Sachs Group Securities STRATS Trust for Goldman Sachs Group Securities, Series 2006-2 was 16.656583786010742 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Goldman Sachs Group Securities STRATS Trust for Goldman Sachs Group Securities, Series 2006-2 was ",
 "expected": "16.60404396057129",
 "date": "2015-08-13",
 "ticker": "GJS",
 "company": "Goldman Sachs Group Securities STRATS Trust for Goldman Sachs Group Securities, Series 2006-2"
}