{
 "context": "The following article called 'Analyst Global Investment Services (SQL Reporting) at Robert Half Technology (Charlotte, NC)' was published on 2015-07-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClassification: Database Analyst Compensation: $60,000.00 to $95,000.00 per year We are currently looking for an Analyst/Associate director to join our Global Investment Services department here in Charlotte, NC. This individual will be responsible for building and maintaining research, trading and portfolio management applications. This is a permanent career opportunity and will pay a salary up to 95K depending on the candidates experience. We are looking for an individual who is accountable for understanding business needs and delivering technical solutions, with a strong emphasis on data and information systems. We are looking for someone with strong Database and TSQL experience on MS SQL Server 2008 and above. Responsibilities: - Develop and maintain internal research, trading and portfolio management applications and workflows - Use SQL Server Management Studio to construct queries, views, etc. to support data and reporting requests. - Work with investment professionals and business partners on their data and system needs - Support configurable applications (Screen Design, Calculation Definitions, Etc. ) - Build and deploy reports using Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) - Research/troubleshoot data/functionality issues related to reports, proprietary applications, and vendor packages - Investigate new data sources and coordinate their integration - Design solutions to improve processes and streamline repetitive tasks Required: - SQL Server - XML and XSLT - .NET Technologies - Visual Studio - C# Qualifications: - Previous experience supporting technical needs at an investment manager or similar financial firm highly desired. - Relevant experience in investments / information systems - General knowledge of fixed income and/or investment instruments - Experience building/using relational databases and writing advanced queries - Report writing/design experience (Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services, SSRS) - Proficiency with Microsoft Excel and VBA - Ability to excel in a fast-paced, project driven environment and meet tight deadlines\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was 41.899497985839844 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was ",
 "expected": "40.66716003417969",
 "date": "2015-07-21",
 "ticker": "MSFT",
 "company": "Microsoft Corporation"
}