{
 "context": "The following article called 'How Amazon.com Surpassed Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.' was published on 2015-08-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMotley Fool Mobile How Amazon.com Surpassed Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Twenty years after its birth, Amazon has dethroned Wal-Mart as the king of all retail when it comes to market capitalization. Jeremy Bowman Aug 16, 2015 at 5:00PM \nWe knew this day would come. \nAmazon.com ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) , the e-commerce juggernaut that has pioneered industries as diverse as online retail, e-books, and cloud computing, has been working toward this for ages: The day when its market value would best Wal-Mart Stores ( NYSE:WMT ) . \nIts dominance in e-commerce has gradually eroded Wal-Mart's growth, and the success of its cloud computing unit has assured investors that the company can, in fact, be profitable. Below, we take a further look at how Amazon was able to topple the big box retailer. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early-in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nJeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool owns shares of Amazon.com. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Jeremy Bowman Fool Contributor Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Aug 16, 2015 at 5:00PM Consumer Goods\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 63.029354095458984 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "60.503997802734375",
 "date": "2015-08-17",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}