{
 "context": "The following article called 'Get Ready to Use Facebook at Work' was published on 2015-09-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nGet Ready to Use Facebook at Work ...and not get in trouble for it. Adam Levy Sep 25, 2015 at 8:00AM Facebook employees in Boston all use Facebook at work. Source: Facebook. \nLogging into Facebook ( NASDAQ:FB ) at work is typically reserved for lunch breaks, but it could soon become a 9 to 5 requirement. Facebook is reportedly planning to launch its Facebook at Work platform to the public by the end of the year, according to Re/Code . The product has been in beta testing with more than 100 companies since January. \nFacebook at Work is aimed at the market of office communication tools such as Slack and Microsoft 's Yammer. Facebook will offer the service for free with the option to pay for additional features, eschewing its typical advertising model. With strong competition already in the market, what makes Facebook think it can succeed? \nThe differentiating factor Facebook stands to benefit from a certain amount of familiarity with potential users. Early looks at the product indicate that it functions extremely similarly to Facebook's regular social network, and you'll be able to log in with your Facebook credentials -- which are probably already stored on your work computer anyway. \nThe system is more robust than Slack, which offers a messaging and file sharing system for groups. It includes the ability to organize groups around projects, teams, and inter-office social activities like the first-place softball team. Additionally, admins can make announcements, and it offers users specific places to ask for help and discuss issues. All of this is, of course, organized in the all-familiar News Feed. \nMicrosoft, meanwhile, offers its own differentiating factor in that Yammer is tightly linked to Office 365. The social network is included in the price of Microsoft's enterprise editions of the increasingly popular cloud productivity suite. Since acquiring Yammer in 2012, the company has integrated Yammer more closely with Office 365 and continues to do so every quarter. \nFacebook plans to penetrate the market with a free version of Facebook at Work, requiring enterprises to pay for additional features. That should help overcome some of the advantages of Yammer's integration with Office 365, but it's a tactic taken by other competing services as well. Slack, for example, is free, but it requires businesses to pay in order to archive messaging history. \nWhy is Facebook working on this project anyway? The market for inter-office communication tools isn't huge by any means. Slack, the largest independent player in the market, was valued at about $2.8 billion in its latest round of funding. To put that in perspective, Facebook generated over $4 billion in revenue last quarter. Still, there are a couple of worthwhile reasons for Facebook to enter the market. \nFirst, Facebook was solving its own problem. Facebook at Work is a tool that the company developed for internal use. After years of using it at its offices in Menlo Park and around the world, Facebook had a product that it could take public. Facebook would potentially be leaving money on the table if it didn't try to sell this product. \nMore importantly, getting businesses to use Facebook at Work may make it easier to increase the presence of businesses on Facebook's other properties. Businesses using Facebook's products as organic users is integral to each one of Facebook's products. Facebook Pages made it easier for the social network to sell News Feed ads. Each Instagram ad starts as a regular post on a business's profile. Most recently, Facebook has been pushing businesses to use Messenger. \nFacebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has likened the company's position with Messenger to where it was with Facebook in the early days of Pages. The first step is to attract more businesses to the platform before the company can really focus on monetizing it. Facebook at Work could gently nudge businesses to establish a larger presence on Messenger and help monetize the platform down the road. \nFacebook at Work is certainly an interesting product, and one many businesses will at least test out. But like all new Facebook products, investors shouldn't expect it to have any immediate impact on earnings as the real value comes from long-term relationships with businesses. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early, in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nAdam Levy has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns and recommends FB. The Motley Fool owns shares of MSFT. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Adam Levy Fool Contributor Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Sep 25, 2015 at 8:00AM Technology and Telecom\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 94.41000366210938 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "89.20999908447266",
 "date": "2015-09-25",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}