{
 "context": "The following article called 'VRA Owes Gas Company $82m' was published on 2015-08-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  13 August 2015 13:13 CET VRA Owes Gas Company $82m By Daily Guide \nThe West Africa Gas Pipeline Company (WAGPCo) Limited has hinted that it may cease gas supplies to the Volta River Authority (VRA) since the power generating company has shown no commitment to paying its huge debt. \nAccording to WAGPCo, VRA owes it a gargantuan amount of $82 million and that the situation warrants a discontinuation in gas supplies from Nigeria to Ghana because it can no more allow the debt to escalate. \nShould this happen, independent power producers which use gas to produce energy, would be affected heavily and could translate into a freeze in operations for as long as the debt would remain unsettled. \nVRA has on several occasions indicated that its debt to WAPCo had come about as a result of certain amounts of money which companies like the Asogli Power Plant, Tema Oil Refinery (TOR), Electricity Company of Ghana (ECG) and other IPPs have failed to pay to it. \nAlso, the current power rationing situation in the country (dumsor), which is said to be getting better, would become worse, and leave in its trail further impoverishment of private sector Ghanaian workers, especially those whose companies' operations demand a lot of energy supply. \nWAGPCo has stated that it had communicated its planned shutting down of the gas pipelines to VRA, and the latter has been tight-lipped on the issue. \nThe West African Gas Pipeline connects the Escravos-Lagos pipeline at the Gas Company's Itoki Natural Gas Export Terminal in Nigeria and continues to a point in Lagos from where it travels offshore to the Aboadze Gas Plant, Tema and other coastal countries. \nThis paper tried to get in contact with the Corporate Affairs Manager of VRA, Samuel Fletcher, on phone to comment on the development but there was no response from him. \nIn the case of the ECG, this paper was also not able to reach its spokespersons to comment on what steps it was taking to settle its indebtedness to VRA. \nA lot of Government institutions have been reported to be owing the ECG. \nBy Samuel Boadi\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vera Bradley, Inc. was 11.039999961853027 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vera Bradley, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "11.050000190734863",
 "date": "2015-08-13",
 "ticker": "VRA",
 "company": "Vera Bradley, Inc."
}