{
 "context": "The following article called 'Arctic drilling support vessel heading to Oregon for repair' was published on 2015-07-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTue, Jul 14, 2015, 3:00 AM AEST - Australia Markets open in 7 hrs. Arctic drilling support vessel heading to Oregon for repair Shell says ship carrying key Arctic drilling response gear will head to West Coast for repair By Dan Joling, Associated Press | Associated Press \u2013 20 minutes ago Recommend 57.45 -0.24 \nANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) -- A Royal Dutch Shell PLC ship carrying required blowout response equipment for Arctic offshore drilling will be sent to a West Coast shipyard for repairs. \nShell spokesman Curtis Smith says the 380-foot icebreaker Fennica (FEN'-i-cah) will transit from Dutch Harbor, Alaska, to Portland, Oregon, for repairs. \nSmith says the company's 2015 drilling schedule should not be interrupted. \nThe hull of the Fennica was gashed July 3 by an uncharted object as it departed for the Chukchi (chuk-CHEE') Sea off Alaska's northwest coast. \nThe Fennica's primary mission for Shell is carrying a capping stack, which could be lowered onto a wellhead to stop a blowout. \nSmith says Shell drill rigs can begin top-hole work and the Fennica will not be needed until August. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Related Headlines Greece reaches new deal with creditors AAP \nGreece has finally clinched a bailout deal with its European creditors that, if implemented, will secure its place \u2026 Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo7 News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was 27.947059631347656 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was ",
 "expected": "29.33559226989746",
 "date": "2015-07-13",
 "ticker": "SHLX",
 "company": "Shell Midstream Partners, L.P."
}