{
 "context": "The following article called 'Kenya: Barclays, Equity Among Banks to Be Probed in Sh800 Million NYS Scandal' was published on 2015-10-12. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNigeria: Tragedy in Lagos, As Unknown Gunmen Kill Lekki Free Trade Zone MD A court has allowed a fraud investigator to find out how Sh800 million was allegedly stolen from NYS and transferred to a Family Bank account. The funds were allegedly sent to account 065 7849 under Form Home Builders, held at the bank's KTDA plaza branch in the name Sam Mwadime. The money was later transferred to more than 10 banks, including several head offices, and some law firms. The banks include Barclays, Equity, CBA, Standard Chartered, KCB, Chase, Diamond Trust, K-Rep, Prime, Paramount Universal and Family. The Nairobi Chief Magistrate granted Jeremiah Sautet, attached to the Banking Fraud Investigation Unit of the DCI, permission to investigate the accounts on October 7. Sautet was granted permission to access, obtain and carry away documents relating to transactions at the banks. The documents include cheques and withdrawal slips for May 1, 2014 to date, and account opening documents and their mandates. The investigator was also given permission to record statements from branch managers and bank officials who carried out transactions during the period. Sautet noted that Form Home Builders has supplied building materials to NYS for the upgrading of roads in Kibera Slum from September 1, 2014 to date. He said on May 21, the incurring expenditure signatory at NYS headquarters noted fraudulent financial commitment on IFMIS. \"On checking the NYS system it was discovered that the company had been paid for the supply of the said construction materials through its respective bank account,\" he said. Devolution CS Anne Waiguru, in whose docket the NYS lies, has been on the spot, and is facing an impeachment motion over the scandal. Kenya \nA British grandmother, who thought she had found a soulmate in a Kenyan man she funded, has learned he has been seeing \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 The Star. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Barclays PLC was 13.310464859008789 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Barclays PLC was ",
 "expected": "12.84447193145752",
 "date": "2015-10-12",
 "ticker": "BCS",
 "company": "Barclays PLC"
}