{
 "context": "The following article called 'AGCO Announces Go-Task\u2122 Mobile App' was published on 2015-09-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nAGCO's new solution for wireless task data transfer to and from select AGCO machines \nDULUTH, Ga.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sep. 1, 2015-- AGCOCorporation (NYSE: AGCO) announced today that it will launch a new solution for wireless task data transfer. Go-Task\u2122 will be one of AGCO's solutions for wireless transfer of task data to and from select AGCO machines and supported Farm Management Information Software (FMIS) programs. \nThe Go-Task mobile app will be a key product of Fuse\u00ae Technologies, AGCO's next generation approach to precision agriculture and precision machine management. Go-Task will enable farmers to make better decisions by reducing the time and effort it takes to move and manage the task data generated and utilized by their operation. \nFeatures and Benefits of The Go-Task app Include: Enables wireless task data transfer between your AGCO machine and a supported FMIS Eliminates risk of lost or incomplete task data that may result from lost USB sticks or other complications associated with manual data transfer Easier movement and management of data, enabling better operational decisions leading to increased efficiency and productivity Go-Task utilizes AGCO's existing task data exchange server for task data transfer Task data is sent via AGCO's task data exchange server directly into your supported FMIS software. This ensures that you have complete control over who can see your data. AGCO's task data exchange server is currently connected with multiple FMIS programs. As part of AGCO's open approach, the number of FMIS programs connected to the server will continue to grow Go-Task can be used on your iOS 7.0 and above devices including iPod, iPhone and iPad Transfer files using existing data plan Configure app to use only Wi-Fi networks reducing data plan usage Wi-Fi only mode can be used on devices that do not have a cellular connection Go-Task automatically syncs with task data on the terminal when a task is completed or paused Reduces risk of lost or missing task data in an FMIS that may result from an operator failing to download data after a job is completed. \nAGCO's Go-Task mobile app can be used on any machine utilizing a C1000, C2100, or C3000 terminal for logging task data (using supported software version). All you will need is a supported wireless USB dongle, a subscription to AGCO's task data exchange server, and the Go-Task app which will be downloadable for free from the iTunes app store. Pricing and other information concerning subscription and hardware requirements will be made available by January 2016 with the official market release of the Go-Task app. \n\"The new Go-Task Mobile app will provide farmers with a greater level of connectivity within their operation by enabling them to more seamlessly move and manage the task data that is used and produced by their operations,\" said Carla Gasparin, Manager, Product Management, Global Off-board Technologies at AGCO. \"AGCO's goal for our customers with regards to their task data is to make it as easy as possible for the customer to move their data to and from their machines, FMIS programs, or preferred service providers.\" \nFor more information about the Go-Task mobile app, information about supported FMIS programs and Fuse Technologies, visit www.AGCOtechnologies.com . \nAbout AGCO \nAGCO (NYSE: AGCO) is a global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of agricultural equipment. AGCO supports more productive farming through a full line of tractors, combines, hay tools, sprayers, forage equipment, grain storage and protein production systems, seeding and tillage implements and replacement parts.\u00ae, Fendt\u00ae, GSI\u00ae, Massey Ferguson\u00ae and Valtra\u00ae and are distributed globally through a combination of approximately 3,100 independent dealers and distributors in more than 140 countries. Founded in 1990, AGCO is headquartered in Duluth, GA, USA. In 2014, AGCO had net sales of $9.7 billion. For more information, visit http://www.AGCOcorp.com . For company news, information and events, please follow us on Twitter: @AGCOCorp. For financial news on Twitter, please follow the hashtag #AGCOIR. \nAGCO: 25 years of identity, centuries of history \nView source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150901005118/en/ \nSource: AGCO Corporation\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of AGCO Corporation was 45.192779541015625 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of AGCO Corporation was ",
 "expected": "44.151424407958984",
 "date": "2015-09-01",
 "ticker": "AGCO",
 "company": "AGCO Corporation"
}