{
 "context": "The following article called 'Ethiopia: Fitch Affirms Ethiopia At 'B' With Outlook Stable' was published on 2015-10-12. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nAfrica: STC Conference Concludes With Key Exchanges On Malabo Declaration Fitch Ratings has affirmed Ethiopia's long term foreign and local issuer default ratings (IDR) at \"B\", with a stable outlook. The ratings on unsecured foreign currency bonds and country ceiling and short term foreign currency IDR were also put at \"B\". Weak development and governance indicators keep the country at a \"B\" rating, while a low income per head and human development indicator, even among B rated peers, show weak debt tolerance. While massive public investments by government and state-owned enterprises have led to 10% growth, there is also a rise in indebtedness. Other rating drivers include high and volatile inflation, rapid rise in credit and weak export performance. A positive rating action could come about through stronger external indicators such as higher exports, FDI and international reserves, as well as structural improvements and better macro-policy such as supporting moderate inflation. Ethiopia \nMalawi, Sudan and Ethiopia recorded a drop in inflation in August, but remained the countries with the most expensive \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Addis Fortune. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Stewart Information Services Corporation was 35.471439361572266 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Stewart Information Services Corporation was ",
 "expected": "35.179115295410156",
 "date": "2015-10-12",
 "ticker": "STC",
 "company": "Stewart Information Services Corporation"
}