{
 "context": "The following article called 'Tinder could be in trouble if Facebook dumps it' was published on 2015-10-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTinder could be in trouble if Facebook dumps it By Alexei Oreskovic 2 hours ago \ue071 . (Denise Truscello/WireImage) Match Group, the IAC-owned collection of internet dating services that filed for an IPO on Friday, is best known among younger adults for its popular Tinder dating app. \nThe app lets users make rapid-fire judgments about whether someone is date-worthy by swiping on a person\u2019s picture on their mobile phone. It is particularly popular among millennials. \nIn fact, Match says that 62 percent of its users are under age 35, as of June of this year \u2014 and much of that is probably due to Tinder. \nBut Tinder has one big risk: Facebook. \nThe app relies on people's Facebook profiles for registration. Facebook outages already have a history of taking a toll on Tinder , by leaving Tinder users unable to access their accounts. \nBut things could get really bad for Tinder if Facebook ever were to decide the relationship between the two companies wasn't working out anymore. That could really leave Tinder high and dry. \nHere's what Tinder said about it in the risk factors of its IPO prospectus: Lastly, in the case of Tinder, users currently register for (and log in to) the application exclusively through their Facebook profiles. Facebook has broad discretion to change its terms and conditions applicable to the use of its platform in this manner and to interpret its terms and conditions in ways that could limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to use Facebook in this manner and if Facebook did so, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 97.54000091552734 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "97.0",
 "date": "2015-10-17",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}