{
 "context": "The following article called 'Safe Brokers - Legitimate Binary Options Trading on Regulated Broker' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSafe Brokers - Legitimate Binary Options Trading on Regulated Broker Investment Tips, Binary Options And More From Regulated Broker NEWCASTLE, ENGLAND, July 29,   Regulated Broker, a leading investment site based in the United Kingdom, has announced its intentions to take on the financial world. The site has been going strong for a few months and has just published dozens of articles, aiming to guide keen investors through the chaos of the stock exchange, the futures market and the foreign exchange market. The site also specializes in Binary Options and Forex Trading through recommended platforms accessible to traders across the globe. Run by a team of writers and traders, Regulated Broker is focused on providing sound advice to fellow investors, regardless of where they are located. \"In a financially unstable world, it pays to have a little help on your side\", one of the Regulated Broker writers explained \"and that's the ultimate goal of the Regulated Broker site. Regulated Broker is your go-to destination for all of your investment needs, whether you're looking to invest in the futures or binary options markets, or you're hoping to delve into precious metals, shares or Forex. The site aims to help investors all over the world, from the United Kingdom and United States, to Australia, Asia and everywhere else where wise investments are valued. Content Regulated Broker has already provided sound advice on everything from investing in Google, Apple, Lidl and Aldi, to where to buy cheap silver coins, gold coins and bullion. The site is growing and they are also open to accepting writers seeking to write about what they love, but they're currently only seeking the best of the best in their chosen fields. Regulated Broker's current expert writers can cover all areas of investment, so if you have some money to invest but aren't sure what market suits you, or if you're looking for some extra advice or knowledge regarding investments, then be sure to pay them a visit. About Regulated Broker Based in the United Kingdom, with writers and visitors from all four corners of the world, Regulated Broker is moving at a fast pace and shows no sign of stopping. To learn more about the site and its writers, and to read the wealth of advice currently available on the site, as well as the content added on a daily basis, then visit http://www.regulatedbroker.co.uk . # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was 28.153423309326172 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was ",
 "expected": "27.922956466674805",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "AAPL",
 "company": "Apple Inc."
}