{
 "context": "The following article called 'Stress loans would rise if banks don\u2019t improve due diligence process' was published on 2015-09-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nStress loans would rise if banks don\u2019t improve due diligence process By Sangita Mehta , ET Bureau | 8 Sep, 2015, 07.41PM IST ET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: The bad loans are expected to rise in the next two to three years unless banks improve their due diligence and weed out the inefficiencies in the sanctioning process, says a report by EY report on Unmasking India NPA issue. According to EY, the stress loans has risen due to gap in screening the promoters and companies; inability to identify red flags and rosy outlook provided while apprising the project. Lenders have at times failed to do their own due diligence and have relied on multi-lending consortium. The consultancy firm also said that at times there is inadequate review if financial statements and over dependence on certification provided by third parties such as technical agents and valuers. EY pointed out that borrowers with an intension to defraud lenders often stage manage the verification visits. The report by EY surveyed 110 banking professionals between November 2014 and March 2015 for the report. Nearly 87% respondent said that diversion of funds to unrelated business through fraudulent means is one of the root cause for the bad loans crisis and 72% of respondent believe that borrowers have misused restructuring norms. The stress assets - restructured loans and gross NPA of PSU banks - has touched Rs 7,12,000 crore or 13.2% of total loans as on march 2015, shows data from the Reserve Bank of India. Bankers say that nearly 25% of the restructured loans have slipped into the non-performing asset category. From the beginning of this fiscal year, banks will have classify an most loan accounts as NPA the moment they are restructured and make a provision of 15% in line with bad loans. A recent RBI guideline on 'Framework for dealing with loan frauds' banks are required to undertake investigations before taking a final view on a corporate loan account classified as Red Flagged Account. The norms will require banks to put in place an efficient pre and post sanction due diligence process. In recent months, the RBI has been given banks a better bargaining power to deal will defaulters by allowing banks to convert part of the debt into equity to acquire controlling stake in the company. The new scheme known as strategic debt restructuring allows banks to acquire 51% stake in the company at a lower price than the six month average formula prescribed by RBI for all other investors. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISS any stories, follow us on Twitter Follow\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Digital Turbine, Inc. was 2.0999999046325684 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Digital Turbine, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "2.009999990463257",
 "date": "2015-09-08",
 "ticker": "APPS",
 "company": "Digital Turbine, Inc."
}