{
 "context": "The following article called 'Photo Release -- WSFS Strengthens Commercial Banking Division With Three Experienced Relationship Managers' was published on 2015-10-20. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nhttp://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/8157a1e6-e063-429b-9b2a-d70af7ebf9d3 Christopher Scarpitti joins WSFS as Vice President and Senior Relationship Manager in the Business Banking Division. He brings with him over 20 years of local banking experience with M&T Bank Corporation, 18 of which were spent in commercial banking serving clients in Delaware, Pennsylvania and Maryland. He has held positions in business development and client management, with the last seven years spent overseeing the local commercial and industrial portfolio. Christopher received his B.S. in Banking and Finance from Wilmington University in 1995 and continued on to receive his MBA from Wilmington University in 2000. He currently serves on the Delaware State Chamber Small Business Alliance Advisory Council and Superstars in Business Selection Committee. In his free time, Christopher is a volunteer at Piedmont Baseball League and Cub Scout Pack 830. John Matarese joins WSFS as Vice President and Relationship Manager in the Middle Market Division. John joins WSFS following nine years with M&T Bank Corporation where he was most recently a Middle Market Relationship Manager. Prior to that role, John acted as a credit analyst and a portfolio manager. John received his B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Delaware in 2003. He serves as a Board Member for the West End Neighborhood House, a Golf Committee Member for the Catholic Youth Ministries and Honorary Commander at the Dover Air Force Base. Kristin Pearce joins WSFS as Vice President, Relationship Manager in the Business Banking Division. Prior to joining WSFS, Kristin spent nine years at M&T Bank Corporation. During her time there, she acted as a credit analyst, commercial banking portfolio manager and as a relationship manager. In her previous position, Kristin also served on the inaugural Diversity Development Program to help establish and engrain diversity initiatives throughout the bank. Kristin received her MBA from the University of Delaware in 2013. She is an alumna of the University of Miami, where she received her B.S. in Business Administration in 2006. In her spare time, Kristin serves as a member of the Serviam Girls Academy Finance Committee. \u201cHaving a seasoned team, such as this one, join WSFS is really exciting for us and our community,\u201d said Steve Clark, acting Chief Commercial Banking Officer. \u201cTheir depth and breadth of knowledge of the local business market and financial expertise will benefit both new and existing commercial banking clients.\u201d About WSFS Financial Corporation WSFS Financial Corporation is a multi-billion dollar financial services company. Its primary subsidiary, WSFS Bank, is the oldest and largest locally managed bank and trust company headquartered in the Delaware Valley. As of June 30, WSFS Financial Corporation had $5.1 billion in assets on its balance sheet and $9.5 billion in fiduciary assets, including approximately $1.2 billion in assets under management. As of October 13, 2015, WSFS operates from 63 offices located in Delaware (44), Pennsylvania (17), Virginia (1) and Nevada (1) and provides comprehensive financial services including commercial banking, retail banking and trust and wealth management. Other subsidiaries or divisions include Christiana Trust, WSFS Wealth Investments, Cypress Capital Management, LLC, Cash Connect \u00ae , Array Financial and Arrow Land Transfer. Serving the Delaware Valley since 1832, WSFS Bank is the seventh oldest bank in the United States continuously operating under the same name. For more information, please visit wsfsbank.com. \nThe photos are also available via AP PhotoExpress. Media Contact: Cortney Klein (302) 571-5253 cklein@wsfsbank.com Related Articles other press releases by WSFS Financial Corporation\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of WSFS Financial Corporation was 27.64814567565918 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of WSFS Financial Corporation was ",
 "expected": "27.375429153442383",
 "date": "2015-10-20",
 "ticker": "WSFS",
 "company": "WSFS Financial Corporation"
}