{
 "context": "The following article called 'Gates Foundation sues Petrobras, PwC over scandal' was published on 2015-09-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSat, Sep 26, 2015, 6:48 AM AEST - Australia Markets closed Gates Foundation sues Petrobras, PwC over scandal AFP \u2013 10 hours ago View Photo \nThe Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, with WGI Emerging Markets Fund, alleged in the suit filed in New York that Petrobras repeatedly misrepresented its operations and financial situation in raising billions of dollars from investors \nThe charity foundation of multi-billionaire Microsoft founder Bill Gates has sued Petrobras and accounting giant PwC's Brazil arm over investment losses due to corruption at the Brazilian oil giant. \nThe Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, together with WGI Emerging Markets Fund, alleged in the suit filed late Thursday in New York that Petrobras repeatedly misrepresented its operations and financial situation in raising billions of dollars from investors. \nIt also alleges that PwC's Brazil affiliate, PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes, played a key role by attesting to Petrobras financial statements and ignoring red flags. The suit seeks unspecified damages. \n\"The depth and breadth of the fraud within Petrobras is astounding. By Petrobras's own admission, the kickback scheme infected over $80 billion of its contracts, representing one-third of its total assets,\" the suit alleged. \n\"Equally breathtaking is that the fraud went on for years under PwC's watch, who repeatedly endorsed the integrity of Petrobras' internal controls and financial reports. This is a case of institutional corruption, criminal conspiracy, and a massive fraud on the investing public.\" \nProsecutors in Brazil say Petrobras executives colluded with construction companies to massively overbill the state oil giant. The extra money went to kickbacks and political payoffs company executives, politicians and political parties that include the ruling Workers' Party. \nPortfolio managers for Gates and WGI probed Petrobras executives on questionable financial data, but were misled in a \"series of materially false and misleading written and oral statements and/or omissions by Petrobras and/or PwC,\" according to the complaint. \nThe Gates litigation follows a class-action suit in New York by a group of investors against Petrobras. Petrobras has argued that the scandal was the result of contractors, corrupt politicians and a few employees and should not impugn the company as a whole. \nThe largest company in the world's seventh-largest economy has estimated the scheme cost it more than $2 billion. \nThe scandal has tarred the tenure of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, who has faced rising talk of impeachment. \nOn Monday, the former treasurer of Brazil's ruling party was sentenced to 15 years in prison after being convicted of receiving bribes from Petrobras contractors and distributing them to members of the ruling party. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Scandal-hit Volkswagen names Porsche boss new CEO AFP \nEmbattled carmaker Volkswagen tapped Porsche chief Matthias Mueller Friday to steer it out of the wreckage of a \u2026\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras was 3.264946460723877 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras was ",
 "expected": "2.933720111846924",
 "date": "2015-09-25",
 "ticker": "PBR",
 "company": "Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras"
}