{
 "context": "The following article called 'Better Dividend Stock: Mattel Inc. vs. Hasbro Inc.' was published on 2015-09-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nPayout ratio (free cash flow) \n112% \n52% Source: Morningstar \nMattel's profits, no matter how you measure them, currently fail to fully cover its dividend payment, a situation that isn't sustainable in the long-run. Along with its stock price, Mattel's profits have collapsed in recent years, with net income nearly cut in half during 2014. The Wall Street Journal reported last year that bureaucracy at the company had stifled the creativity of its employees, with countless meetings and Power Point presentations slowing things down to a crawl. Mattel's sales declined in 2014, in part because the company has been simply unable to adapt to the shifting market for toys. \nHasbro, on the other hand, has been performing extremely well. Profits surged in 2014 as its toys were simply better matched with what customers wanted. Hasbro makes toys based on various popular franchises, like Transformers , Marvel , and Star Wars, and the company struck an exclusive deal to make Disney princess dolls starting next year, a move which ended a 20-year relationship that Disney had with Mattel. And unlike Mattel, Hasbro's profits easily cover its dividend. \nWhich is a better dividend stock? Mattel and Hasbro are stocks for two different kinds of investors. For those looking for a dividend that's relatively safe, Hasbro is by far the best bet. The company's earnings easily cover the dividend, and while the dividend will likely only grow as fast as earnings going forward, given that the payout ratio is approaching 60%, the chance of a dividend cut in the foreseeable future is slim. \nThe downside to Hasbro as a dividend stock is its low yield. Mattel has a far higher yield, but there's a chance that the company will be forced to cut its dividend if profitability doesn't improve, and expecting dividend growth of any kind over the next few years is likely unrealistic. However, if Mattel can turn things around, which I believe it has a very good chance of doing, investors can lock in a 6.6% dividend yield. \nNeither Mattel nor Hasbro is a dividend stock without compromise. Hasbro has a low yield and dividend growth that will likely be slow, while Mattel may cut its sky-high dividend at any time. Mattel is a high-risk, high-reward option, while Hasbro is a lower-risk, lower-reward alternative. For dividend investors who demand a reasonable yield, decent dividend growth, and a low chance of a dividend cut, neither Mattel nor Hasbro quite fits the bill. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nTimothy Green owns shares of Mattel. The Motley Fool owns and recommends Hasbro and Walt Disney. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Timothy Green Fool Contributor Tim is a value investor focused on finding high-quality companies selling for well below intrinsic value. His background in physics helps him stay rational when the market is behaving strangely. Article Info Sep 9, 2015 at 2:00PM Consumer Goods\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Mattel, Inc. was 20.710613250732422 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Mattel, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "20.494503021240234",
 "date": "2015-09-09",
 "ticker": "MAT",
 "company": "Mattel, Inc."
}