{
 "context": "The following article called 'Don't Outsource Bookkeeping Services (IBN Technologies)' was published on 2015-10-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy IBN Technologies Oct 18, 2015 Bookkeeping Outsource Makes you Richer: This means you will be doing better than what you were doing last quarter. Which means you will be able to instantly mark a difference in the balance sheet. Yes the Profit will reflect a higher number. And IBN's vigilant and comprehensive advisory board of Bookkeeping services will guide you towards corrective business decisions that will enhance long term performance of the company.More Free Time: Bookkeeping outsourcing to IBN Technologies Limited will leave you with free time as their team of experts will not leave any chapter of Bookkeeping service unturned. Peace of Mind: IBN's special flash reporting instantly notifies the business owner about any malicious activity happening in their books of accounts. What this really means is it leaves business owners no scope what so ever to worry about the operations of their business. As all fraudulent transactions related to Bookkeeping services will be instantly reported.Keeps you on track: Many business owners decide in the beginning of the New Year that they will be spending an \"x\" amount only. However by outsourcing their Bookkeeping services to IBN's experienced team means they will have to stay on track and spend only what was budgeted? And who wants that?Accurate: IBN's Bookkeeping services are ridiculously accurate. Which means your bank reconciliation statements will tally exactly with your accounting books. Quality and timely service makes IBN and industry leader for SME's. While CEO's often are seen tensed and busy, outsourcing Bookkeeping services to IBN's expert team will make them look happier more relaxed and more focused on attending the core competence of their business. Bookkeeping services outsourced to the right partner has been the mantra of success for many companies over decades. And obviously you don't want that. About the Author IBN Technologies IBN Technologies Limited is an outsourcing service provider with a customer base covering the USA, UK, Middle East and India. IBN has a State of the Art Global Delivery Centre in Pune, India. IBN processes are ISO 9001:2008 quality certified. In 15 years of operation IBN has evolved as leading IT & BPO outsourcing service provider in BFSI, Travel, and Retail Chains & Online Business.Contact\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Sify Technologies Limited was 1.1232001781463623 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Sify Technologies Limited was ",
 "expected": "1.236464023590088",
 "date": "2015-10-18",
 "ticker": "SIFY",
 "company": "Sify Technologies Limited"
}