{
 "context": "The following article called 'General insurers want brokers to be more professional' was published on 2015-09-20. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nGeneral insurers want brokers to be more professional By PTI | 20 Sep, 2015, 12.47PM IST   MUMBAI: As the insurance industry gets ready to receive higher foreign capital and arrival of global reinsurers, general insurers want more professionalism from the brokers fraternity to improve customer services. \"Many insurance brokers hardly handle their accounts professionally and are acting mostly like agents with no value addition. Though some of them do provide professional services, many are only renewal chasers,\" GIC Re acting chairman and managing director K Sanath Kumar told PTI. Today over 20 per cent of the Rs 90,000 crore general insurance industry are sourced through brokers, and the industry is set to cross the Rs 1-trillion-mark this year. In most of the mature global markets, close to 90 per cent general insurance sales are routed through brokers. \"The brokers probably work solely to offer a lower premium to retain a customer. While some of them do add value, in many cases more could be done. They need to be more focused on value generation,\" he said, adding brokers have become a major segment of intermediaries in direct and reinsurance. Calling for better customer service, Kumar argued that intense competition is driving players to more niche areas such as widening of covers, optimisation of risks offered and better data analytics. ICICI Lombard General Insurance also concurred with GIC Re saying there is a need for brokers to get more involved in their job. \"Brokers need to transition from playing largely transactional roles to evolving as problem solvers for their partners. They must work closely with insurers to increase penetration,\" ICICI Lombard vice-president for broker relations Birendra Mohanty said. He further said there are plenty of opportunities in segments like SMEs and MSMEs which can be effectively tapped using brokers' distribution network. They should increase awareness for risks such as cyber liability and intellectual property rights, he added. \"Today we see a large number of corporates rather than retail customers seeking assistance from brokers. Pricing is a major concern today,\" Bajaj Allianz General Insurance chief distribution officer TA Ramalingam said, adding, \"brokers act as insurance consultants and so they need to promote risk-based pricing models based on sound underwriting principles.\" However, Insurance Brokers Association President Sohanlal Kadel said the broking industry is growing every year and claimed that they contribute 26 per cent of sales. There are 360 insurance brokers who are registered with the association, up from 100 brokers when the association was started in 2001, he said and expressed the hope that over the next three years, the entire general insurance sales will happen through brokers alone. His optimism comes from the fact that leading global reinsurer Lloyds of London , has already said that as and when it enters this market, it will sell only through brokers. Meanwhile, Kadel also called for regulatory permission to allow sub-brokers in the industry. \"We want to have our presence in all the 650 districts through sub-brokers, as and when the Irda allows it. He claimed that entry of sub-brokers can help drive penetration and the overall growth of the industry\". Reliance General Insurance, on the other hand, expects the brokers to bring in new reinsurance products from their international portfolio. \"On the reinsurance front, we expect them to bring in new products like cyber insurance and aviation,\" Reliance General Insurance head Rakesh Jain said. Brokers should invest in understanding the need of their clients. At the same time, insurers should understand the risks and the pricing involved, he said, adding, \"reinsurers are having huge experience outside the country, their brokers could introduce them here.\"  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Aptiv PLC was 61.78238296508789 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Aptiv PLC was ",
 "expected": "59.22834777832031",
 "date": "2015-09-20",
 "ticker": "APTV",
 "company": "Aptiv PLC"
}