{
 "context": "The following article called 'Powerful Quickbook remote hosting services (Aida Thomas)' was published on 2015-08-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Aida Thomas Aug 9, 2015 Quickbooks by Intuit is a powerful accounting management services creating platform of growth and development for an organization. This program is basically dedicated to small sized firm operating its business in any industry. The new versions with little more features added to this application are suitable for medium sized firms too. SMEs are going to get productive results with the implementation of quickbooks hosting services. Intuit offers various version of the most successful accounting software called quickbooks. It's very reputed services in the industry offering brilliant means of business development. The main version called desktop version is hosted on local setup in the office. The software license is purchased from Intuit and installed on the desktop. A single license can be used to operate for the number of users allowed. When there is need for more professional accountant to work the license can be renewed. During the peak tax season, companies needs more professionals to manage accounting task hence more professional contractors are hired. Each hired accountants are provided with authentic user access information to operate the company's business account.A small company may have large business horizon which can be managed with help of some outsourced professionals. Quickbook remote hosting offers mobility to all its users to access the product from anywhere. One does not have to be in office to conduct meeting and team work for accounting task. From a remote location these activities can be performed. All the users can share the same accounting project to work simultaneously thus eliminating the complexity of business. The professionals can be on travel and can work anytime according to their convenience. An owner can view his business transactions from anywhere. Thus the need for establishing IT setup is impractical and infrastructure maintenance is reduced. It's a package of online and on premise business solution. It saves money to the firm which adds to the revenue of the business. Quickbook remote hosting services are affordable to the companies. The cost is reasonable with respect to the services offered and the monthly rental is paid to continue using the cloud hosting services. Quickbook remote hosting services are core accounting, inventory, billing and payment, VAT, fixed asset, profit and loss reporting, cash flow, budgeting, balance sheet and tax functionality for SMEs. Intuit offers free trial of quickbooks for potential customers. The free trial period is for one month which provides enough time to review the flow of accounting program online. It's a real time system showing efficiently a business can be managed with the need of professional accountants. Choosing the right business accounting software is reliable to the company. A reliable, robust and secure software program improves the means of business. Getting a great service that is hosted on cloud server, one gets reliability and assurance that data are safe. Every day back up is done on designated schedules. Cloud server hosting offers robust platform to the companies seeking accounting services. This product is customized to meet the requirements of an organization. About the Author Aida Thomas is an IT analyst working with SageNext Infotech LLC. SageNext provides Quickbooks remote hosting and Quickbooks hosting cloud services. Her extensive industry experience can easily be seen in her articles, blogs etc which have been proven as a knowledgeable resource for every individuals. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Intuit Inc. was 99.7090072631836 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Intuit Inc. was ",
 "expected": "98.93358612060547",
 "date": "2015-08-09",
 "ticker": "INTU",
 "company": "Intuit Inc."
}