{
 "context": "The following article called 'MTN, KNUST Promote Telecoms Research' was published on 2015-07-10. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  10 July 2015 10:17 CET MTN, KNUST Promote Telecoms Research By Daily Guide \nCynthia Lumor presenting a dummy cheque to Prof Otoo Ellis. \nMTN Ghana Foundation has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) to promote telecommunications research and innovation at the university. \nThe agreement will enhance collaboration between two institutions to support research, develop and nurture students pursuing engineering programmes. \nThe signing of the MoU marked the official launch of the MTN Telecoms and Innovations Fund. \nThe fund, established with an amount of GH\u00a2300,000, is to be disbursed by MTN, with GH\u00a260,000 annual payments over a five year period. \nThe Corporate Services Executive of MTN, Cynthia Lumor, who was speaking at the ceremony said, 'There is an increasing demand for enthusiastic graduates who already have a sense of what they can do to contribute to industry growth by the time they complete their tertiary education. \n'This initiative we are launching today represents industry and academia joining hands towards a common goal of building capacity and preparing students for the job market.'' \nThe Vice Chancellor of the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, Prof. William Otoo Ellis said, 'It is worth noting that though KNUST seeks to pursue academic excellence, it cannot be attained by our institution alone. \n'It is for this reason that we are grateful for this partnership. My staff are very enthusiastic about this innovation fund and are poised to make it work. \n'We hope that this will mark the beginning of a mutually beneficial relationship. The output of this investment has benefits for society at large'. \nThe partnership also includes an arrangement under which MTN will facilitate a number of internship placements for third-year engineering students for supervised training during the long vacation. \nThe Foundation will support the programme by arranging with relevant partner organizations for placement. \nMTN Foundation The MTN Foundation was established by the MTN Group Board as the vehicle to effectively administer MTN's Corporate Social Responsibility. \nThe MTN Ghana Foundation is funded by a percentage of profit after tax (PAT) from MTN Ghana . \nBy Cephas Larbi\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was 95.7191162109375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "97.63844299316406",
 "date": "2015-07-10",
 "ticker": "MTN",
 "company": "Vail Resorts, Inc."
}