{
 "context": "The following article called 'Advanced Markets Partners With UBS for FX Prime Broking Services' was published on 2015-07-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nPrint This Post A UBS logo sits on display outside the headquarters of UBS AG in Zurich, Switzerland, Photo: Bloomberg \nAt a time when the industry is feeling the Swiss National Bank (SNB) induced pinch to credit relationships, Advanced Markets has announced that it will be adding a new liquidity provider (LP) to its Direct Market Access (DMA) platform. \nThe latest addition is Swiss bank UBS AG, which will solidify the offering of Advanced Markets to a total of ten LPs six months after prime brokers have announced revised, harsher conditions for providing liquidity to a number of retail foreign exchange brokers. \nAdvanced Markets now is providing access to a total of ten LPs \nAdvanced Markets is providing its top-tier bank liquidity though an anonymous marketplace under its STP model. \nCommenting on the announcement the CEO of Advanced Markets Anthony Brocco said, \u201cIn the post-SNB environment, having the right credit relationships in place is of extraordinary importance. With UBS as a prime broker, we will continue as a true prime of prime service provider with 100% STP model, committed to delivering elite service to our partners.\u201d \nAdvanced Markets is already offering liquidity from UBS since the beginning of June. \nIn the beginning of June Advanced Markets has officially announced a joint venture with platform provider Fortex after hiring a sales team primarily constituting of former Boston Technologies employees earlier in 2015. \nUnder the name FAM Clearing LLC, the joint venture aims to deliver prime-of-prime services and technologies to firms that do not have access to prime broking services provided by tier-one banks. \nUBS was one of the major banks to have profited heavily in the aftermath of the Swiss National Bank (SNB) induced volatility. The Swiss bank reported stronger than expected Q1 results pointing out its foreign exchange business as the primary reason for better financial metrics. Got a news tip? Let Us Know FOUND A MISTAKE\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of UBS AG was 14.174302101135254 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of UBS AG was ",
 "expected": "14.18769645690918",
 "date": "2015-07-08",
 "ticker": "UBS",
 "company": "UBS AG"
}