{
 "context": "The following article called 'Equinix to join the MSCI US REIT Index' was published on 2015-08-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nREDWOOD CITY, Calif., Aug. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Equinix, Inc. (Nasdaq: EQIX), the global interconnection and data center company, today announced that it has been added to the MSCI US REIT Index (RMS/RMZ), as the largest data center REIT. This will take effect after the close of trading on Monday, August 31, 2015. Following the addition there will be a total of 144 REITs included in the RMS/RMZ. \n\"Equinix joining the MSCI US REIT Index represents another significant milestone for the company since becoming a REIT on January 1,\" said Steve Smith, CEO and president, Equinix. \"Equinix plays a pivotal role in supporting many of the trends pushing forward the digital economy by providing the underlying infrastructure that powers the Internet. This unique position has enabled us to deliver fifty quarters of consecutive growth and continued shareholder value.\" \nThe MSCI US REIT Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is comprised of equity REITs. The index is based on MSCI USA Investable Market Index (IMI) its parent index which captures large, mid and small caps securities. With 143 constituents, it represents about 99% of the US REIT universe and securities are classified in the REIT sector according to the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS\u00ae). \nAbout MSCI \nFor more than 40 years, MSCI' research-based indexes and analytics have helped the world' leading investors build and manage better portfolios. Clients rely on our offerings for deeper insights into the drivers of performance and risk in their portfolios, broad asset class coverage and innovative research. Our line of products and services includes indexes, analytical models, data, real estate benchmarks and ESG research. MSCI serves 98 of the top 100 largest money managers, according to the most recent P&I ranking. For more information, visit us at www.msci.com . \nAbout Equinix \nEquinix, Inc. (Nasdaq: EQIX) connects the world's leading businesses to their customers, employees and partners inside the most interconnected data centers. In 33 markets worldwide, Equinix is where companies come together to realize new opportunities and accelerate their business, IT and cloud strategies. http://www.equinix.com/ . \nForward Looking Statements \nThis press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from expectations discussed in such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, the challenges of acquiring, operating and constructing IBX centers and developing, deploying and delivering Equinix services; unanticipated costs or difficulties relating to the integration of companies we have acquired or will acquire into Equinix; a failure to receive significant revenue from customers in recently built out or acquired data centers; failure to complete any financing arrangements contemplated from time to time; competition from existing and new competitors; the ability to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds to repay new or outstanding indebtedness; the loss or decline in business from our key customers; and other risks described from time to time in Equinix's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, see Equinix's recent quarterly and annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, copies of which are available upon request from Equinix. Equinix does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking information contained in this press release. \nTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/equinix-to-join-the-msci-us-reit-index-300128653.html \nSOURCE Equinix \nEquinix Media Contact: Liam Rose, +1 (650) 598-6590, lrose@equinix.com; Equinix Investor Relations Contact: Katrina Rymill, +1 (650) 598-6583, krymill@equinix.com\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was 239.5381622314453 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "241.47329711914062",
 "date": "2015-08-14",
 "ticker": "EQIX",
 "company": "Equinix, Inc."
}