{
 "context": "The following article called 'GRA cautions freight forwarders, agents against tax evasion' was published on 2015-08-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  18 August 2015 09:36 CET GRA cautions freight forwarders, agents against tax evasion By GNA \nThe Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA) has warned that it will not hesitate to withdraw operating licences of freight forwarders and clearing agents who assist importers to evade taxes. \nThe move is aimed at enhancing tax compliance and maximising revenue collection for the government in order to accelerate national development. \nAddressing a stakeholders' forum on tax education at Elubo , Mr Daniel Kweku Mensah, a Chief Revenue Collec\u00adtor at the Customs Division of GRA at the Elubo Collection Point, said the GRA is the major revenue collection institution for the government. \nHe said GRA has taken innova\u00adtive measures to enhance under\u00adstanding of tax payment and maximise revenue mobilisation. \nThe event was held on the theme 'Import and Export Re\u00adquirements for Effective Tax Mo\u00adbilisation ,' which attracted freight forwarders, clearing agents, traders and officials from the GRA, and discussed pertinent is\u00adsues which impact on the realisa\u00adtion of the core objectives of the authority. \nMr Mensah hoped the forum would help government to design policies and programmes which would advance the process of en\u00adgagements with key stakeholders. \nHe said similar programmes in the past had enabled the govern\u00adment to innovate sound policies, saying that \"currently importers and Customs House Agents could sit in the comfort of their offices and with the aid of computers, electronically transact business with customs by generating and transmitting declaration to most customs offices across the country with little or no human interac\u00adtions .\" \nMoreover, he said, clearing agents can now obtain supporting documents for their transactions from Ministries, Departments and \nAgencies and forward them to customs for processing, which hitherto was done manually. \nHe said the recent developments adopted by the GRA had facilitated trade, reduced administrative bureaucracy and compliance cost, thereby plugging loopholes in the Ghana Customs and Management System, in order to ensure quality service to all stakeholders. \nThe Chief Revenue Collection Officer disclosed that two major ECOWAS-assisted projects and programmes would soon take off at Elubo and Noe collection points simultaneously. \nThis includes the implementation of a common external tariff, where manufactured goods from ECOWAS countries would not at\u00adtract the same tariff rates as goods imported outside the sub-region. \nAgain, plans are far advanced for a Joint Border Project at the two borders, and it's expected to take care of all the principal organisations operating at the two posts so that officials from both Ghana and Cote d'Ivoire could operate together an each country's frontier. \nThe participants commended the government for instituting such measures, and expressed optimise that it would enhance trade- in the sub-region.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was 143.8199005126953 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Cigna Corporation was ",
 "expected": "146.33152770996094",
 "date": "2015-08-18",
 "ticker": "CI",
 "company": "Cigna Corporation"
}