{
 "context": "The following article called 'GTO - AMS Financial Analyst at Accenture (Florham Park, NJ)' was published on 2015-07-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSource: PharmaDiversityJobBoard.com Organization: Operating Groups Location: Branchburg, NJ Position:GTO - AMS Financial Analyst Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career. Accenture people build careers in four different areas of our business: Consulting, Technology, Outsourcing and internal Corporate Functions. Each area offers a unique career experience and a compelling mix of work and training opportunities, work environment and structure for career progression. Responsibilities: The role is responsible for the development, planning, tracking and analysis of the monthly, annual and long-range finances for GTO disciplines. The incumbent will collaborate across service functions within the service towers to assemble monthly financial forecasts across the business unit. The incumbent will be responsible for developing and submitting monthly accruals and quarterly forecasts to GTO Business Management. The incumbent will provide budget and resource capacity information to support project and resource managers and maintain compliance with all SOX404 accounting requirements by assuring monthly financial close for capital and expense budgets occur without error. The incumbent will manage cost allocations and chargeback, investigate and resolve variances in forecasted expenses, manage organizational restatements and ensure timely and accurate payment of invoices. The incumbent will develop/publish the divisional account statement monthly. This position also requires the incumbent to be highly flexible and demonstrate a high level of intensity in working at a precise level of detail. The incumbent must display business awareness of the GTO Portfolio while maintaining accountability of his/her specific areas of responsibility. The incumbent will make changes to MSPS projects as required. Areas of accountability: - Work as a financial analyst in adding and/or changing GTO scopes of work to contracted Suppliers.. - Discuss financial consequences of potential GTO scopes of work with stakeholders (both Merck as well as Suppliers) and seek and track savings opportunities. - Facilitate and prepare financial part of (Governance) approval and support eventual contracting of GTO scopes of work with Supplier and eventually ensure proper requisition for approved GTO scopes of work (projects and major/minor changes). - Manage divisional financial information and data for reporting, chargebacks, forecasting, and planning. - Responsible for facilitating and tracking procurement requests including purchase orders, and other ordering that may be required. Basic Qualifications: * Minimum Bachelors Degree with an MBA preferred * 5 years of relevant work experience * Current, active Merck employee * The ability to apply data analysis and reporting techniques to complex financial data is required. * Flexibility is required to interact globally across time zones. Preferred Skills: '-Proven record of financial experience and/or proficiency. -Proficiency with Merck's SAP Financial Systems. -Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite of products: Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access. -Capacity to analyze information and report the results to management. -Produce monthly financial scorecard metrics. -Conduct monthly analysis of financial results as compared to plan, targets and the forecast. -Evaluate process and systems to identify areas of better integration, automation or simplification chargeback. Professional Skill Requirements * Requires specialized depth of expertise in own discipline and limited knowledge of other disciplines * Interprets internal/ external business challenges and best practices to recommend improvements to products, processes or services * Solves complex problems; takes a broad perspective to identify innovative solutions * Works independently, with guidance in only the most complex situations * Acts as a resource for colleagues across multiple areas * Lead teams or projects; motivates other team members; promotes value of working together as a team and relationship building, using the diverse perspectives of others to generate ideas Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status). Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Accenture is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Equal Employment Opportunity All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. Job: IT Operations Organization: Client Delivery & Operations Job Level: Non-supervisory\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was 39.69379425048828 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was ",
 "expected": "39.64021301269531",
 "date": "2015-07-02",
 "ticker": "MSFT",
 "company": "Microsoft Corporation"
}