{
 "context": "The following article called 'Kenya: Africacom, Ericsson Partner to Benefit Tech Start-Up Innovation Through AHUB' was published on 2015-08-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nKenya: Kenya and U.S. Agree Deal On Stringent Measures to Stem Runaway Corruption \nAccording to a recent survey produced by Ventureburn.com, while the numbers entering the tech start-up arena continue to grow, only 3% of these make it to venture capital/funding phase. Although there appears to be no shortage of ideas to go around, access to funding, remains in short supply. Discovering how to be part of the score and even to increase this funding percentage, the Ericsson A-HUB will be a pivotal place for the sharing of ideas, as well as a space to network and showcase work. Included in the mix will be one of the global winners of the 2014 Ericsson Application Awards, which will be launched in the run up to AfricaCom 2015. \nSays Julie Rey-Gore, Research Director, Com World Series Informa Telecoms & Media: \"With our experience of staging events across the continent, we have been struck by the continued innovation in this sector. We now believe it is incumbent on us to provide a space where real world thinking and solutions can be discussed, resolved and adopted. We strongly encourage companies who recognize the importance of investing in grassroots ICT to participate at this event.\" \nBut it's not just about the money. Knowledge-share also plays a vital role in a business' survival journey. Learning from those who have gone before and applying best practice to existing and new businesses, is also on the agenda at the Ericsson A-HUB. This is particularly pertinent to the investor and incubator hubs themselves, who could do more by collaborating on lessons learned and even shared-revenue investment models that can spread risk and accelerate funding disbursements. The Ericsson A-HUB will consequently be central to understanding what makes the African start-up communities different to their European and American counterparts with guest speakers and panellists conveying insights from Silicon Valley and other successful tech hubs. \nTumi Sekhukhune, Vice President for Strategy, Marketing and Communications for Ericsson in sub-Saharan Africa, commented: \"The ICT sector in Africa continues to evolve at a rapid pace and has led to the emergence of innovative solutions that address everyday living challenges. Our involvement in supporting innovation and engaging with a broad range of stakeholders across the continent inspired us to get involved in the AHUB, as there is a great need for collaboration to realise the potential of African innovation. At Ericsson, we believe that connectivity is the starting point for new ways of innovating and collaborating. By bringing together investors and potential funders together with innovators from across the continent, this is a great step towards realising the 'Networked Society' in Africa.\" Kenya \nA group of senators have expressed fears that President Kenyatta is using the National Assembly to lay the ground for \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 CIO East Africa. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ericsson was 9.42774772644043 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ericsson was ",
 "expected": "9.181732177734375",
 "date": "2015-08-03",
 "ticker": "ERIC",
 "company": "Ericsson"
}