{
 "context": "The following article called 'Financial Analyst at Kelly Services (Westlake Village, CA)' was published on 2015-08-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nJobg8 Job Description: Our client, a large healthcare company, is currently seeking a Financial Analyst for a 2+ month temporary position with the opportunity for an extension. The position is located in Westlake Village, CA. By working for our client, you will be exposed to a large company (listed on the NYSE), work in a fast paced corporate environment and be an integral part to the team. In addition to working with the world's most recognized and trusted name in staffing, Kelly employees can expect: - Competitive pay. - Paid holidays. - Year-end bonus program. - Recognition and incentive programs. - Access to continuing education via the Kelly Learning Center. Your responsibilities will include (but not limited to): Job Description & Responsibilities: Month End Journals. OpEx consolidations / financial analysis. Partnering with global finance team and function directors/managers to provide ad-hoc support. Sub-Function reporting. Supporting multi-site planning process. Cognos master data maintenance and enhancements. Ad-hoc analysis and special projects. Qualified candidates will possess the following: BS/BA: accounting, finance, business administration, economics. 3+ years in an analyst role. Advanced Excel skills: modeling, pivot tables, V-lookups, charts, etc. **Important information: This position is recruited for by a remote Kelly office, not your local Kelly branch. Please submit your resume to be considered for this position by pressing the \"SUBMIT RESUME\" button below. If you have questions about the position, you may contact the recruiter recruiting for this position (), however, your resume should be uploaded via the \"SUBMIT RESUME\" button included within** Why Kelly\u00ae? At Kelly Services\u00ae, we work with the best. Our clients include 97 of the Fortune 100\u2122 companies, and more than 70,000 hiring managers rely on Kelly annually to access the best talent to drive their business forward. If you only make one career connection today, connect with Kelly. About Kelly Services\u00ae Kelly Services, Inc. (Nasdaq: KELYA, KELYB) is a global leader in providing workforce solutions. Kelly\u00ae offers a comprehensive array of outsourcing and consulting services as well as world-class staffing on a temporary, temporary-to-hire, and direct-hire basis. Serving clients around the world, Kelly provided employment to more than 555,000 employees in 2014. Revenue in 2014 was $5.6 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Download WorkWire\u2122, a free career and employment resource iPad\u00ae app by Kelly Services. iPad is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was 27.67879867553711 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was ",
 "expected": "26.159093856811523",
 "date": "2015-08-02",
 "ticker": "AAPL",
 "company": "Apple Inc."
}