{
 "context": "The following article called 'Valero Energy (VLO) Earnings Report: Q2 2015 Conference Call Transcript' was published on 2015-08-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMORE VLO NEWS My name is Tiffany, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Locke. Mr. Locke, you may begin. John Locke (IR): Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning. Welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are: Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in our press release. In summary it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks. Joseph W. Gorder (CEO, President): Thanks very much, John, and good morning, everyone. As John will cover in more detail shortly, our team operated our system safely, reliably, and efficiently during the second quarter, allowing us to capture a very high percentage of the favorable margins available to us. In particular, we saw market conditions that incentivized maximum gasoline production in most regions. As for our priorities, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to stockholders by exceeding our total payout guidance. As reflected in the earnings release, we've increased the targeted total payout ratio for 2015 to approximately 75% of net income. We continue to advance the next dropdown transaction to Valero Energy Partners LP, which is our sponsored MLP. We've also completed our estimate of potential MLP-eligible EBITDA within our fuels distribution business. In that regard, we've identified approximately $350 million that may be eligible for dropdown transactions to VLP, which is incremental to the approximately $800 million of remaining EBITDA that we've previously identified. And finally, in regard to the proposed methanol project at St. Charles, we plan to have a final investment decision by the end of the fourth quarter. As a reminder, our prior investments in hydrogen production capacity at the refinery provide us with a competitive advantage versus a Greenfield methanol plant in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. So with that, John, I'll hand it back over to you. John Locke (IR): Great, thank you, Joe. Now moving on to the quarterly results, we reported net income from continuing operations of $1.4 billion or $2.66 per share versus second quarter 2014 earnings per share of $1.22. The refining segment reported operating income of $2.2 billion, notwithstanding planned turnaround work on the FCC Fluid Catalytic Cracking and alky -- alkylation units at our Port Arthur refinery. 1 of 15\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Viper Energy Partners LP was 10.839507102966309 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Viper Energy Partners LP was ",
 "expected": "10.329854965209961",
 "date": "2015-08-01",
 "ticker": "VNOM",
 "company": "Viper Energy Partners LP"
}