{
 "context": "The following article called 'Takeda Selected for the Sixth Consecutive Year for Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index' was published on 2015-09-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCompany : Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tuesday, September 29, 2015 10:25AM IST (4:55AM GMT) Takeda Selected for the Sixth Consecutive Year for Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index Osaka, Japan Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. (\u201cTakeda\u201d) (TOKYO: 4502) has been selected for the Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index (DJSI Asia Pacific) for the sixth consecutive year. Takeda has been included in the DJSI Asia Pacific since 2010 for its sustainability performance. DJSI Asia Pacific is part of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes (DJSI). It is designed for companies in the developed Asia Pacific markets and comprises 145 companies, including 62 Japanese companies, that are leading the way in terms of sustainability among the 600 companies in the region. For inclusion in the DJSI Asia Pacific, Dow Jones assesses companies based on questionnaire responses, annual reports from each company and publicly available company information. For Takeda, CSR is rooted in putting the patient in the center and operating a pharmaceutical business that creates outstanding products. The company also strives to maintain and improve sound business processes, and to engage in activities to promote a sustainable society as a good corporate citizen. In doing so, it is implementing a model of value creation and preservation through CSR. This will help Takeda to build trust with society, reinforce its reputation, and further develop the pharmaceutical business. Takeda promotes CSR activities in line with internationally recognized guidelines, such as the United Nations Global Compact\u2019s 10 principles. The company is also included in the FTSE4Good Global Index by the FTSE Group and the Morningstar Socially Responsible Investment Index (MS-SRI) compiled by Morningstar Japan K.K. DJSI is one of the world\u2019s foremost indices for Socially Responsible Investment. It assesses and selects leading sustainability-driven companies based on economic, environmental, and social criteria. Thus it serves as an important indicator for investors considering corporate social responsibility (CSR) performance. It is provided by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC of the United States. About Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Located in Osaka, Japan, Takeda (TSE: 4502) is a research-based global company with its main focus on pharmaceuticals. As the largest pharmaceutical company in Japan and one of the global leaders of the industry, Takeda is committed to strive towards better health for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine. Additional information about Takeda is available through its corporate website, www.takeda.com .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Akari Therapeutics Plc was 24.75 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Akari Therapeutics Plc was ",
 "expected": "23.9950008392334",
 "date": "2015-09-29",
 "ticker": "AKTX",
 "company": "Akari Therapeutics Plc"
}