{
 "context": "The following article called 'Africa: IFC, Goldman Sachs 10,000 Women Program Welcome Opic's $100 Million Commitment Million to Enable 100,000 Women to Access Capital' was published on 2015-07-31. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nEritrea: Eritrea Blames Migrant Exodus On Human Trafficking \nGoldman Sachs 10,000 Women and IFC provided anchor investments of more than $150 million to create the facility last year. Through this partnership, the institutions are working with local banks in emerging markets to catalyze existing capital for women-owned SMEs by addressing barriers in the lending market such as unsuitable product offerings and credit terms. For example, in the past year, the facility began collaborating with Chase Bank Kenya Ltd, the only bank with dedicated branches for women in Kenya, to expand their portfolio of loans to women-owned SMEs. The Facility is also working with local banks in eight other countries, including Brazil, China, Costa Rica, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ecuador, India, Indonesia and Laos. \n\"With a development finance portfolio reaching over 100 countries worldwide, OPIC aims to create inclusive, bottom-up economic growth across the developing world,\" said Elizabeth Littlefield, OPIC's President and CEO. \"This Goldman Sachs initiative is well-aligned with OPIC's mission, and I look forward to the possibilities that can result from OPIC and IFC's participation in it. Empowering women to lead more of global business, especially at the SME level, is necessary for whole-of-society development progress.\" \n\"A wide range of surveys including Goldman Sachs research shows that one of the biggest obstacles to growth for women entrepreneurs is access to capital and closing this gap could increase per capita income by 12% in emerging markets,\" said Dina Habib Powell, head of Goldman Sachs' Impact Investing business and president of the Goldman Sachs Foundation. \"This new commitment will help bring us closer to our goal of getting more capital into the hands of women entrepreneurs who will drive future growth and job creation in economies around the world.\" \n\"Nearly three-quarters of small- and medium-sized businesses owned by women have little or no access to financial services. Addressing that need will create jobs and improves lives for future generations. Partnerships like this are the key to making it happen.' said Jin-Yong Cai, Executive Vice President and CEO, IFC. \nSOURCE International Finance Corporation (IFC) Kenya \nIn October 2013, a month after the Westgate Mall attack, the same elite American Seal Team Six that had killed Osama bin \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Goldman Sachs Group Securities STRATS Trust for Goldman Sachs Group Securities, Series 2006-2 was 16.018877029418945 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Goldman Sachs Group Securities STRATS Trust for Goldman Sachs Group Securities, Series 2006-2 was ",
 "expected": "16.010129928588867",
 "date": "2015-07-31",
 "ticker": "GJS",
 "company": "Goldman Sachs Group Securities STRATS Trust for Goldman Sachs Group Securities, Series 2006-2"
}