{
 "context": "The following article called 'Nigeria: Nahco Takes Over Management of Osubi Airport' was published on 2015-10-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nNigeria: Tope Agbeyo Bags 'Outstanding Philanthropic Achievement' Award By Chinedu Eze Nigeria's leading ground handling services provider, the Nigerian Aviation Handling Company Plc (nahco aviance), has taken over the running of the Osubi Airport in Warri, Delta State. Shoreline Group, owner of the airport, signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) recently with the handling company to provide ground handling services at the Osubi Airport. According to nahco aviance, the agreement would give the company exclusive right for ground handling services at the airport including passenger, ramp, and cargo operation. Presently, some carriers operating in Osubi include Aero, Arik, and Escravos (operated by Aero). The MoU also provides for nahco aviance to negotiate separate agreements with the other operators using the airport. Expressing his delight over the new deal, the Chief Commercial Officer of the Company, Mr. Seyi Adewale said that there had been relatively good successes through Public-Private Partnership (PPP) and government's concession initiatives in the aviation sub-sector is a good example. \"Airports within the country now have opportunities for new capital (investments) to improve airport infrastructure and also improve the overall airport architecture that helps facilitate excellent Passenger experience within our borders. \"Using this partnership model, we are currently witnessing concessioned airport terminals outperforming the publicly managed airport terminals and many of these concessioned airports rely on NAHCO in-part to achieve this feat,\" Adewale said. He added: \"Specific to Osubi Airport, we would be bringing over 35years aviation ground handling capabilities to further accentuate the excellent passenger experience through passenger handling competences, skilled manpower, up-to-date (airport) technology, tools and equipment, world class management structure and its competence to make Osubi airport a reference point for efficient and effective aviation ground handling services.\" Nigeria \nFOLLOWING the confirmation of President Muhammadu Buhari's nominees for ministerial appointment by the Nigerian Senate \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 This Day. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,700 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was 44.52308654785156 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Delta Air Lines, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "45.45669937133789",
 "date": "2015-10-17",
 "ticker": "DAL",
 "company": "Delta Air Lines, Inc."
}