{
 "context": "The following article called 'EU finds no evidence of illegal activity in Apple's music streaming deals - report' was published on 2015-08-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nView Photo \nAn Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New \u2026 \n(Reuters) - Antitrust authorities in Europe failed to find evidence that Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) deals with record labels and online music streaming services are blocking rivals' access to its music streaming platform, Re/code reported, citing sources. \nThe European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union, started an investigation in April and had sent out questionnaires to several record labels seeking information about their dealings with Apple. \nThe investigation did not turn up evidence of any illegal activity, but the European Union will continue to monitor the market, the report said, citing sources. \nThe regulators are also seeking information from Spotify and other music streaming services on the restrictions Apple places on apps offered through the store, Re/code said, citing people familiar with the situation. \nApple in June launched a new music streaming service, Apple Music. It also provides the App Store platform for competing streaming services including Jango, Spotify, Rhapsody and others. \nReuters reported in July that U.S. government antitrust regulators were also looking into claims about whether Apple's treatment of rival streaming music apps is illegal under antitrust law. \nApple, the European Union and Spotify were not immediately available for comment outside regular U.S. business hours. \n(Reporting by Anannya Pramanick in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was 26.479211807250977 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was ",
 "expected": "26.013900756835938",
 "date": "2015-08-08",
 "ticker": "AAPL",
 "company": "Apple Inc."
}