{
 "context": "The following article called 'HCL Tech partners IBM for 'Internet of Things'' was published on 2015-09-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nHCL Tech partners IBM for 'Internet of Things' Updated: Wednesday, September 16, 2015, 19:27   \nNew Delhi, Sep 16: Country's fourth-largest software services firm HCL Technologies on Thursday said it will collaborate with global tech giant IBM to jointly develop solutions for Internet of Things (IoT). \nThey will focus on specific verticals, including industrial, manufacturing and smart facilities to co-develop solutions around 'Connected Products and Operations' like remote monitoring, smart inventory management, smart building and facilities management, a statement said. \nThe two companies will also set up an incubation centre in Noida to develop these solutions for the chosen industries, it added. \nIoT is described as a network of inter-connected devices that can be accessed through the internet. For instance, with IoT, street lights will automatically go off when they sense no traffic on the roads and consequently, save power. \nAnother application could be a smart band that will automatically alert a physician when body vitals go to abnormal levels. \nThrough the joint efforts, the two companies will enable seamless integration of device, connectivity, data platform and analytics for organisations globally to address complex enterprise and industrial IoT challenges, the statement said. \n\"The intersection of employees, data and technology enabled intelligent machines is creating fundamental shifts in enterprise business models, leading to not only increased productivity and efficiency but also opening a plethora of new revenue opportunities for companies,\" HCL technologies EVP (Engineering and R&D services) and Head (IoT Business) Sukamal Banerjee said. \nThe partnership with IBM will provide replicable use cases for companies and enable accelerated adoption of IoT within and across industries, he added. \nPTI\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of International Business Machines Corporation was 107.01625061035156 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of International Business Machines Corporation was ",
 "expected": "107.45872497558594",
 "date": "2015-09-16",
 "ticker": "IBM",
 "company": "International Business Machines Corporation"
}