{
 "context": "The following article called 'The More Conscientious Your Spouse, The Higher Your Earnings' was published on 2015-08-04. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nThe More Conscientious Your Spouse, The Higher Your Earnings Written by: S.Z. Berg 08/04/15 - 9:18 AM EDT NEW YORK (MainStreet) \u2014 Angela Nuttle, a corporate talent expert at Corporate Talent Institute, attributes much of her success to her husband's personality mix. \"My personality is extroverted, big picture creative, with one speed-go fast,\" she says, but her husband is more one for analysis paralysis -- overthinking things. \"My husband is an introverted, analytical in the weeds kind of guy who is ultra conservative,\" Nuttle says. \"I consult with him before I put any type of program or workshop out, because he catches the nuances that I might not even think about. He looks over my contracts for details I might have missed, and he has even reviewed my first book since I am a first-time published author.\" When highly successful professionals attribute their success to their spouses, or when celebrities thank their spouses at awards ceremonies, it may not be as gratuitous as it sometimes sounds. According to new research out of Washington University in St. Louis, conscientiousness in one spouse will boost the career of the other spouse. \u201cFor both male and female participants, partner conscientiousness predicted future job satisfaction, income and likelihood of promotion, even after accounting for participants\u2019 conscientiousness,\" the authors wrote . \"These associations occurred, because more conscientious partners perform more household tasks, exhibit more pragmatic behaviors that their spouses are likely to emulate and promote a more satisfying home life, enabling their spouses to focus more on work.\u201dAccording to this research, marrying a conscientious spouse may be a good investment in your career. Furthermore, being a conscientious spouse may further boost your household income. \n\u201cPeople with spouses higher in conscientiousness earn at least $4,000 more, and that number increases the more conscientious their spouse is,\u201d Brittany C. Solomon, a graduate student and lead investigator of the study told TheStreet . More Headlines\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of MainStreet Bancshares, Inc. was 10.14285659790039 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of MainStreet Bancshares, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "10.019047737121582",
 "date": "2015-08-04",
 "ticker": "MNSB",
 "company": "MainStreet Bancshares, Inc."
}