{
 "context": "The following article called 'Should Publishers Fear Facebook, Inc. and Twitter, Inc.?' was published on 2015-10-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFool Podcasts Should Publishers Fear Facebook, Inc. and Twitter, Inc.? Facebook and Twitter provide substantial value to websites, which they should be compensated for, but don't appear to want to hijack publishers' monetization models. Jamal Carnette Oct 21, 2015 at 5:00PM Facebook's Instant articles are upsetting some publishers. Source: Facebook. \nIt's safe to say we're in the golden age of online publishing. What started as a cadre of bloggers has grown in scale to become as important as traditional outlets. Due to the presence of cheap outlets like Facebook ( NASDAQ:FB ) and Twitter ( NYSE:TWTR ) , essentially anybody with a good idea and a WordPress account can reach an audience of millions. In turn, many of these writers have a star-like following, and can often drive news cycles in less than 140 characters, an outlet Woodward and Bernstein would have died for in the late '70s. \nMajor media outlets have noticed: In August, NBC Universal, a division of Comcast , invested in both Vox Media and Buzzfeed with post-money valuations of $1.05 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. And then last month, German publisher Axel Springer reacted to losing the Financial Times bid by buying Business Insider for a valuation of $442 million. The Walt Disney Company has gotten in on the action by adding Grantland and Nate Silver's FiveThirtyEight to its digital offerings. AOL 's purchase of The Huffington Post... this list goes on. \nThe reason why is there's been a shift in audience away from traditional outlets like print and television to digital and mobile formats. As such, these major companies need to diversify their media mix accordingly, and it's simply easier to buy equity in these sites than to try to build one from the ground up. However, more recently, there have been developments that could present headwinds to future growth for online publishing. \nAd blockers and gatekeepers For these nimble, ad-supported publishers, the first shoe to drop was Apple 's inclusion of ad blockers on its iOS mobile operating system. Under pressure from readers concerned with privacy and an increasingly degraded user experience, Apple added the option -- and it was initially quite popular. \nOf course, sites reacted negatively to this because it hurts their business models, but when even the Senior VP of the online-ad trade group Interactive Advertising Bureau admits, \"We messed up\" and \"lost control of the user experience,\" it's hard to argue that Apple should not have included ad blockers. \nHowever, the next development may be more detrimental to publishers. In a video rant on TechCrunch , Josh Constine argues that Twitter and Facebook are attempting to hijack the monetization of content by hosting the content on their site, and not acting as a click-through page to publishers' sites. As most publishers make their money once you visit the site, this is an obvious problem for websites. \nAt this moment, I feel the concern is overstated. First, it should also be noted that this specific treatment is only for Twitter's Moments feature and Facebook's Instant Ads, not for every article. In addition, and from an article Constine wrote , Facebook is working with publishers to monetize ads in Instant Articles: If the publisher sells the ad, it receives 100% of revenue, and if Facebook sells it, the publisher only receives 70%. \nPresumably, Facebook controls how many ads are placed, but this does not appear to be the motive of a company looking to destroy publishers. \nThese outlets, especially Twitter, should monetize this value I don't blame Facebook or Twitter for looking to monetize this traffic more effectively. For Twitter, this is especially true, as many large publishers and their writers treat the service as nothing more than a distribution portal for their massive follower base, and a conversation forum only among other power users. \nAnd that's fine, but if it's mostly a one-way distribution portal, then you should pay for that right -- Twitter has provided value to your organization, and should be compensated accordingly. Simply put, many publishers are taking more value than adding, and money should flow to the entity that provides the most economic value. Those thousands of followers have value, even if power users are not utilizing or interacting with them accordingly. \nNot only that, Twitter recommends many of these writers during the on-boarding process, essentially bringing new followers -- almost indiscriminately -- to power users. Of course, both entities benefit from this arrangement: Twitter lowers its abandonment rate, and power users grow their follower counts, but it's quite apparent the service has the upper hand here. \nWhile I don't personally think Facebook and Twitter are out to intentionally hurt publishers, both companies have the ability to do so. More broadly, however, it shows how unique these two companies are, and paints a favorable picture for their long-term successes. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nJamal Carnette owns Apple and if anything would be hurt by both ad-blockers and if Facebook and Twitter hijacked the monetization chain. In addition, I consider Josh Constine a highly capable journalist. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook, Apple, Twitter, and Walt Disney. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Jamal Carnette Fool Contributor After working at The Motley Fool, Jamal Carnette decided to try his hand at writing for a change. You can find him writing about technology, consumer goods, sports, and pontificating on any competitive advantage. His previous jobs include Mortgage Trainer, Financial Advisor, and Stockbroker. Jamal graduated from George Mason University with a bachelors of science in finance and is a CFA Level III candidate. Follow me for tech trends, info on consumer brands, and sports banter. Follow @TMFJCar Article Info Oct 21, 2015 at 5:00PM Technology and Telecom\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Twitter, Inc. was 29.299999237060547 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Twitter, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "30.280000686645508",
 "date": "2015-10-22",
 "ticker": "TWTR",
 "company": "Twitter, Inc."
}