{
 "context": "The following article called 'Bridge Bank Launches Life Sciences Group' was published on 2015-09-24. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  Bridge Bank Launches Life Sciences Group September 24, 2015, 07:04 AM Related: Biotechnology , Bridge Bank , Life Sciences \nBridge Bank announced the launch of a new banking group -- Life Sciences Group (LSG) -- which will offer customized financial solutions to companies operating in the life sciences sector, including within the biotech, medical devices and pharma verticals. The Life Sciences Group will focus on providing term and revolving debt to life sciences companies for a variety of purposes including growth and working capital, refinancing, restructuring, recapitalization, as well as for financing mergers and acquisitions. In addition to providing tailored credit solutions, LSG will offer the full complement of Bridge Bank's financial solutions including treasury management and international banking services.\"Life sciences companies often face a unique set of uncertainties,\" said Thomas A. Sa, executive vice president and head of Bridge Bank's business lines. \"With our experience as a leading lender to technology companies who face their own unique challenges, and the addition of Robert Lake and his team's track record, we are well-positioned to help life sciences companies navigate those uncertainties, allowing them to stay focused on the development, approval and growth of their products,\" added Sa.Based in San Diego and offering financial solutions to companies nationwide, Bridge Bank's Life Sciences Group will be led by Robert Lake, a veteran lender with nearly 20 years of commercial lending experience specializing in venture-backed life sciences, technology and healthcare services companies. Before joining Bridge Bank, Mr. Lake was executive director at Oxford Finance LLC where he managed and assisted in the growth of the firm's portfolio in the western regions of North America. Mr. Lake has also held leadership positions at Silicon Valley Bank, Fifth Third Bank and the American Medical Association. He received his B.A. in Business Administration from Aurora University. Most Popular\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. was 5500.0 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "5456.0",
 "date": "2015-09-24",
 "ticker": "ACHV",
 "company": "Achieve Life Sciences, Inc."
}