{
 "context": "The following article called 'Checklist to Start a Business Corporation (Buwe & Associates)' was published on 2015-08-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Buwe & Associates Aug 29, 2015 Before starting a corporation, you need to know the process involved so that you can take care of all the details and carry out cautiously. For filings, you no doubt need an attorney but being aware of the process involved can save your time and money. But before you start up a corporation; evaluate your business idea, determine your start-up costs and duly research the market. After you are over with all of above mentioned facts, follow the checklist mentioned below:Score the Services of a Legal Attorney: Though people may advise you that you can incorporate your business without an attorney but obtaining the services of a legal attorney will help you to complete the process without any hindrances. Consulting an attorney is also necessary to ensure that your new business complies with all the legal requirements of your state.Select an Incorporator: Before officially forming a corporation, you need to select an incorporator. An incorporator is an actual owner of the business but an attorney or the employee handling the process can also be the incorporator. An incorporator prepares documentations, files Article of Incorporation and selects the board of directors. The involvement of an incorporator ceases after the corporation gets registered with the state.Decide the Type of Corporation: You need to decide on what type of corporation you are forming and have to file this in the Articles of Incorporation. So you need to select whether your corporation is public or privately held? Whether it would be Stock Corporation or Non-stock Corporation? And moreover, whether the shares of corporation would be treated publicly, or will be held closely or widely traded.Decide the name of Corporation, Cross-Check Availability, Register and Protect Your Name: Select a Name for your corporation. Always keep in mind that your state may require that your corporation name may include an identifying word as 'incorporated,' 'limited', 'corporation,' or abbreviation of such a term. Before you incorporate, you need to check whether the selected business name is available and it is not being used by another corporation. Once a business name is registered, you can protect it by applying for a trademark.Obtain State-specific Incorporation Information: Every state has its specific rules regarding incorporation. So you need to obtain incorporation information and requirements of specific state, you are incorporating in.Appoint or Select Board of Directors: Board of Directors form the major part of your corporation. These members are selected or appointed to bring expertise and varied view-points to the corporation or business.Get your Employer ID Number: Obtain your employer identification number or EIN or federal tax employer identification number. IRS requires or uses this to number to identify your business for taxation.Get your State's Tax Identification Number: You need to contact your state's taxation department to check whether this requirement is imposed by them.Establish your Corporate Checking Account: Set up a checking account for your corporation and determine what other banking services your corporation requires.Meet other Basic Requirements: Get your required business licenses and/or permits that are required by your city, municipality, county or state.File the Articles of Incorporation: Each business needs to file the articles of incorporation with the state in which it is going to setup. These documentations are required to establish your corporation, name/names of incorporator/ incorporators and also to lay out your business.Set up Business Account: To ensure and establish the authentication of your business and as well to establish your business as a separate entity; you are required to set up your business accounting or bookkeeping. Keep the record of all disbursements, payments received, invoices, accounts receivable/payable etc.Develop Corporate By-laws: You need to create your corporate by-laws in order to define the purpose of the corporation, list of officers and directors and to enlist the meetings of the Board of Directors. Duties of the officers and directors are also decided upon according to these by-laws.Set-up first Board of Directors' meeting: Set-up first Board of Directors' meeting to discuss organizational resolution and other important issues.Contact BUWE and Associates for the professional accounting and financial planning services. Our certified experienced CPAs can take care of all of your accounting needs and will help you to successfully achieve your financial goals. About the Author At Buwe & Associates, our team of expert accountants provide comprehensive, professional accounting services for businesses and individuals in Fredericksburg and Woodbridge, Virginia. Our friendly CPAs have the experience and knowledge to take care of any and all of your accounting needs. Whether you are a business owner, a corporate executive, or in charge of your home's finances, we can provide you with professional accounting and financial planning services that will help you achieve your financial goals. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of IRSA Inversiones Y Representaciones S.A. was 14.294914245605469 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of IRSA Inversiones Y Representaciones S.A. was ",
 "expected": "14.094518661499023",
 "date": "2015-08-29",
 "ticker": "IRS",
 "company": "IRSA Inversiones Y Representaciones S.A."
}