{
 "context": "The following article called 'Goodyear Tire & Rubber (GT) Earnings Report: Q2 2015 Conference Call Transcript' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n(Operator Instructions ) I would now like to hand the program over to Christina Zamarro, Goodyear's Vice President, Investor Relations. Christina Zamarro (VP of IR): Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us for Goodyear's second quarter 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are Rich Kramer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Laura Thompson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, there are a few items we need to cover. To begin, the supporting slide presentation for today's call can be found on our website at investor.goodyear.com and a replay of this call will be available later today. Replay instructions were included in our earnings release issued earlier this morning. If I could now draw your attention to the Safe Harbor statement on slide 2, I would like to remind participants on today's call that our presentation includes some forward-looking statements about Goodyear's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments today. The most significant factors that could affect future results are outlined in Goodyear's filings with the SEC and in our earnings release. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Our financial results are presented on a GAAP basis, and in some cases a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed on the call are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide presentation. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Rich. Rich Kramer (Chairman & CEO): Thank you Christina, and good morning everyone. This morning I will review highlights from our outstanding second quarter, provide an update on how the macro economics in our regions are affecting our business and give my perspective on our business for the remainder of the year. Laura will follow with a financial review of each of our businesses and an update to our outlook before we open up the call to your questions. In the second quarter we delivered segment operating income of $556 million, a record for any quarter in the Company's history and a 21% improvement versus last year. Also if we exclude the impact of foreign currency translation, our operating performance improved by 28% in the quarter. These were simply excellent results for our team. Combining this quarter with our record first-quarter results, our segment operating income for the first half of the year with $947 million, the highest first half ever for Goodyear. By comparison, that's higher than our full-year segment operating income in 2010. In addition, we delivered segment operating margin of more than 13% in the second quarter, despite significant foreign currency headwinds and regional macro economic challenges. Leading the way, our North American business delivered record segment income and nearly a 16% segment operating margin, its highest in my 15 years at Goodyear, and likely longer than that. In addition, three of our four global businesses delivered operating margins of greater than 10% in tougher than expected economic environments. Taken in total, our record second quarter performance reflects the strength and disciplined execution of our strategy. We believe that strength comes largely from the integration of the key how-tos on our strategy road map: innovation excellence, sales and marketing excellence and operational excellent supported by an aligned and collaborative team. While each is a significant element in our plan, their value multiplies when they are integrated. Our current results reflect that value, and we've only just begun to tap into its full potential. I'd like to spend the next few minutes providing my perspective on each of our SVUs, as well as my thoughts on the industry outlook for each for the remainder of the year. North America delivered $321 million of segment operating income, a record for any quarter. This performance was driven by positive price mix in raw material costs, demonstrating the earnings power of our value proposition in a strong market. 1 of 14\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company was 26.77168846130371 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company was ",
 "expected": "26.980276107788086",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "GT",
 "company": "The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company"
}