{
 "context": "The following article called 'Brazil regulator tells Shell, partners to develop 2 oilfields as one' was published on 2015-08-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nTue, Aug 18, 2015, 00:58 BST - UK Markets open in 7 hrs 2 mins Brazil regulator tells Shell, partners to develop 2 oilfields as one Reuters - UK Focus \u2013 1 hour 49 minutes ago -6.40 \nBy Marta Nogueira \nRIO DE JANEIRO, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Brazil's National Petroleum Agency (ANP) ruled that Royal Dutch Shell (Xetra: R6C1.DE - news ) and its Qatari and Indian partners need to treat oil and gas fields in the Parque das Conchas area as a single deposit, Shell (LSE: RDSB.L - news ) said, a move that could increase taxes on output. \nShell owns 50 percent of Parque das Conchas, its main Brazilian asset. Qatar's state oil company Qatar Petroleum owns 23 percent and India's ONGC owns 27 percent. \nThe ANP's decision to treat the fields as a single deposit applies to two of Shell's four fields in the block, also known as BC-10, for which it holds exploration and production rights. \nThe decision comes as Shell prepares to expand production in the block that now produces 50,000 barrels per day of oil equivalent and take over the Brazilian properties of Britain's BG Group Plc (LSE: BG.L - news ) , which it is buying. \nShell said the ANP has approved its development plan for the Nautilus (NYSE: NLS - news ) field but also stipulated that it must be joined with the Argonauta field. \nThe ANP previously made a similar decision with the Lula and Cernambi fields and seven other fields in the Parque das Baleias area, all operated by state oil company Petroleo Brasileiro . \nPetrobras ended up challenging the ANP's previous decisions, which are still tied up in court and in international arbitration. \nWhen oil companies discover fields with production potential above a certain level, they are subject to paying a windfall tax know locally as a \"special participation\" tax on top of the basic royalty they must pay the government. This can increase the government tax on each barrel of oil produced to about 40 percent from 10 percent. \nShell told Reuters in an email that it was not currently paying special participation for any of the fields in the Parque das Conchas. \nShell's production expansion plans at Parque das Conchas is expected to boost output by 30,000 barrels a day (bpd). \nThe company said it would not comment on the ANP's decision until its management had discussed it. \nThe Brazilian Oil Institute, which represents the sector, said the companies operating in Brazil's oil exploration industry are very concerned about the ANP's decision. (Writing by Reese Ewing; Editing by Jeb Blount and Christian Plumb)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was 24.48529052734375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was ",
 "expected": "24.283437728881836",
 "date": "2015-08-18",
 "ticker": "SHLX",
 "company": "Shell Midstream Partners, L.P."
}