{
 "context": "The following article called 'Photo Release -- Nasdaq Welcomes Natera Inc. to the Nasdaq Stock Market' was published on 2015-07-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nPhoto Release -- Nasdaq Welcomes Natera Inc. to the Nasdaq Stock Market ET | Source: The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. photo-release Natera Inc., a leading genetic testing company that develops and commercializes non-invasive methods for analyzing DNA, opened for trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market on July 2, 2015. \nNEW YORK, July 02, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ ) announced that trading of Natera, Inc. (Nasdaq: NTRA ) commenced on The Nasdaq Stock Market on July 2, 2015. \nA photo accompanying this release is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/f235ba27-78c3-4042-b5f8-e2637f6eddd6 \nNatera is a leading genetic testing company that develops non-invasive methods for analyzing DNA. Natera\u2019s team of PhDs and engineers uses its complex statistical algorithms to determine the likelihood of a wide range of serious genetic conditions. Natera\u2019s goal is to change the management of genetic disease worldwide, giving patients and providers essential health information. \n\u201cNatera is transforming the genetic testing industry and embodies the innovative spirit that defines Nasdaq-listed companies. We are excited to welcome Natera to the Nasdaq Stock Market family,\u201d said Nelson Griggs, Executive Vice President, Listing Services, Nasdaq. \nBy listing with Nasdaq, Natera joins some of the world\u2019s largest and most revolutionary companies. Nasdaq is the exchange of choice for 86 percent of healthcare companies listed on the U.S. markets year to date. \nThe information contained above is provided for informational and educational purposes only, and nothing contained herein should be construed as investment advice, either on behalf of a particular security or an overall investment strategy. Neither Nasdaq nor any of its affiliates makes any recommendation to buy or sell any security or any representation about the financial condition of any company. Statements regarding Nasdaq-listed companies are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Investors should undertake their own due diligence and carefully evaluate companies before investing. ADVICE FROM A SECURITIES PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED. \nAbout Nasdaq: \nNasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ ) is a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services across six continents. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 70 marketplaces in 50 countries, and 1 in 10 of the world's securities transactions. Nasdaq is home to more than 3,500 listed companies with a market value of approximately $9.5 trillion and more than 10,000 corporate clients. To learn more, visit: nasdaq.com/ambition or business.nasdaq.com . \nNDAQG MEDIA RELATIONS CONTACT: Will Briganti (646) 441-5012 william.briganti@nasdaq.com Related Articles other press releases by The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Natera, Inc. was 18.0 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Natera, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "22.0",
 "date": "2015-07-02",
 "ticker": "NTRA",
 "company": "Natera, Inc."
}