{
 "context": "The following article called 'Is Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Still a Good Value?' was published on 2015-07-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMotley Fool Mobile Is Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Still a Good Value? Advance Auto Parts, Inc. stock has had a strong run, but is its integration of General Parts International going as planned? Lee Samaha TMFSaintGermain Jul 21, 2015 at 10:05AM \nBack in October of last year, I took a look at the investment prospects for Advance Auto Parts, (NYSE: AAP) stock. The investment case for buying the stock rests on the successful integration of General Parts International, a deal that results in Advance Auto becoming the largest auto parts retailer in the U.S. \nWith the stock up more than 25% since October, I thought it would be time to update investors on progress with the integration. Is it going smoothly enough to justify the stock price move? \nValuation discount? As you can see in the following chart, the company's valuation discount has closed thanks to the recent run-up in the stock. Incidentally, I'm using enterprise value (market cap plus net debt) to earnings before interest tax depreciation and amortization as a benchmark because it's the most commonly used metric in takeover activity. AAP EV to EBITDA (Forward) data by YCharts . \nOf course, a large part of the assumptions made over future EBITDA are made on the basis of the benefits of the General Parts International acquisition. With that said, let's look at a slideshow to see how the integration is faring according to the plan and whether the stock's risk/reward profile is still attractive. \nThis $19 trillion industry could destroy the Internet One bleeding-edge technology is about to put the World Wide Web to bed. And if you act quickly, you could be among the savvy investors who enjoy the profits from this stunning change. Experts are calling it the single largest business opportunity in the history of capitalism... The Economist is calling it \"transformative\"... But you'll probably just call it \"how I made my millions.\" Don't be too late to the party -- click here for one stock to own when the Web goes dark. \nThis $19 trillion industry could destroy the Internet One bleeding-edge technology is about to put the World Wide Web to bed. And if you act quickly, you could be among the savvy investors who enjoy the profits from this stunning change. Experts are calling it the single largest business opportunity in the history of capitalism... The Economist is calling it \"transformative\"... But you'll probably just call it \"how I made my millions.\" Don't be too late to the party -- click here for one stock to own when the Web goes dark. \nLee Samaha has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Lee Samaha Fool Contributor Investing commentary to help retail investors outperform professionals. I research and write post-earnings analysis of leading companies. Follow me on Twitter or Google+ to receive quick and thorough earnings analysis of your favorite stocks. Follow @LeeSamaha Article Info Jul 21, 2015 at 10:05AM Industrials\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Advance Auto Parts Inc was 163.5740509033203 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Advance Auto Parts Inc was ",
 "expected": "163.1183319091797",
 "date": "2015-07-21",
 "ticker": "AAP",
 "company": "Advance Auto Parts Inc"
}