{
 "context": "The following article called 'Jaguar F-Pace Sets Standard' was published on 2015-09-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  2 September 2015 17:44 CET Jaguar F-Pace Sets Standard By Daily Guide \nFeaturing sports car-derived chassis systems and evaluated on the same demanding roads as all other Jaguar vehicles, the new F-PACE will offer an unrivalled breadth of dynamic ability. \nThis is a performance crossover designed around people who love driving. \nThe new F-PACE will reward drivers and passengers alike with a blend of agility and comfort that is unlike anything else in the segment. \nWhether on twisting mountain passes, flowing country roads or high-speed motorway cruising, the new F-PACE delivers responsiveness and precision with exceptional refinement and composure. \n'We haven't made any compromises or exceptions: the new F-PACE had to be a true Jaguar and had to deliver the dynamics DNA,' said Mike Cross, Chief Engineer of Vehicle Integrity at Jaguar. \n'We've tested ride and handling to the limit in all environments and in all conditions, and the result is that the new F-PACE is as engaging and rewarding to drive as it is comfortable and quiet. As soon as you get into the vehicle you know immediately that it's a good place to be.' \nDeveloped using Jaguar's Lightweight Aluminium Architecture, the new F-PACE is designed to handle with precision and control without sacrificing ride comfort - it's what makes a Jaguar stand apart from the competition. \nTaking full advantage of the body structure's inherently high stiffness, the sophisticated double wishbone front suspension and Integral Link rear suspension provide the best possible starting point. \nTuned to perfection, they make the new F-PACE incredibly responsive yet also ensure that the impacts, undulations and extreme cambers of even the most challenging roads are handled with ease. \nThe electric power-assisted steering system maintains Jaguar's leadership in steering. Everything between the steering wheel rim and the tyre contact patch is optimised to ensure that the new F-PACE responds immediately to the slightest input, giving a truly connected feel. \nIncorporating all of the learning from F-TYPE, the system gives even greater feedback. Combined with the torque vectoring technology first developed for F-TYPE and the torque on-demand all-wheel drive system, the new F-PACE delivers outstanding agility in all weathers and on all surfaces. \nTo make development and testing even more efficient, the vehicle integrity team's subjective assessments are fed back into the Computer-Aided Engineering (CAE) tools used by the vehicle dynamics CAE team. \nThis improves the models and therefore delivers even better simulation results - and vice-versa. \nThis iterative loop of continuous improvement ensures that prototype vehicles are ever better, benefiting the tuning and assessment process. \nA business desk report Other Stories Follow Us The longer your good is in coming to you the more it will be when it finally does By: Nana Adjoa Boahemaa\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. was 10710.0 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "10615.5",
 "date": "2015-09-02",
 "ticker": "JAGX",
 "company": "Jaguar Animal Health, Inc."
}