{
 "context": "The following article called 'AstraZeneca plc In New Partnership With Controversial Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc' was published on 2015-09-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nWed, Sep 2, 2015, 12:08 BST - UK Markets close in 4 hrs 22 mins AstraZeneca plc In New Partnership With Controversial Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc By Owain Bennallack | Fool.co.uk \u2013 14 minutes ago 4,069.50 +36.0000 \nCanada's Valeant Pharmaceuticals divides opinion in the investment world. To some it's the whip-smart upstart feasting on the bloated and bumbling big pharma sector, while to others it's a rapacious predator, or even a roll-up vehicle that will eventually crash to Earth. But what's staid and sensible AstraZeneca (LSE: AZN) doing making deals with it? \nTo find out the strategies to adopt if you want to become one of the growing number of surprise UK millionaires , read this FREE Motley Fool report: ' 7 Simple Steps For Seeking Serious Wealth ' while it remains available! \n\nOwain Bennallack owns shares in AstraZeneca. The Motley Fool UK has no position in any of the shares mentioned. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. Tax cuts, pensions, childcare, online accounts and beer duty, here's \u2026 Related Stock Articles Follow the quotes you care about most. Access timely news and investment updates to stay on top of the market. \u2026 More \u00bb Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Terms \nQuotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided \"as is\" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. \nFundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Astrazeneca PLC was 24.61170196533203 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Astrazeneca PLC was ",
 "expected": "25.854719161987305",
 "date": "2015-09-02",
 "ticker": "AZN",
 "company": "Astrazeneca PLC"
}