{
 "context": "The following article called 'Tech 'unicorns' opt for dual share listings' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTech \u2018unicorns\u2019 opt for dual share listings Tom Braithwaite \u00a9Reuters \nJack Dorsey will soon take his second company public. Square, a payments processor, is a rare commodity in 2015: a fast-growing technology company opting for an initial public offering rather than to remain a private \u201cunicorn\u201d. \nIts IPO filing this week revealed that new investors would get only a tenth of the voting rights of existing shareholders. In more rigorous markets, such as Hong Kong, this would not fly, but there is nothing to prohibit the dual class share structure in the US. Contentious when Google did it in 2004, less so by the time Facebook had its IPO in 2012 and now commonplace. More Commodity index investing debate reignites \nThere is not the slightest suggestion that anything is wrong with this in Silicon Valley. Instead, the reverse is true: the disaster of turfing Steve Jobs out of Apple in 1985 has lent moral authority to structures that protect founders. As Rett Wallace, co-founder of Triton Research, points out, the lengthier private lifespan of tech companies, with serial funding rounds, is also making them accustomed to having investors who each have different classes of stock. \u201cEvery venture-backed founder walking around in the world right now has those complex economics and complex voting rights,\u201d he says. \nIt is not just the hottest tech IPOs, however. First Data, the payments processor that went public this week has been around since 1971 and spent the past eight years under private equity ownership saddled with debt. This was not such a must-have stock and the IPO struggled, but it ploughed ahead with a dual class structure that leaves former owner KKR with rock-solid control. In spite of the dearth of tech offerings this year, there has still been a large minority of US IPOs with dual classes: more than a third in value and 15 per cent in volume, according to Dealogic\u2019s data, higher than last year and higher than the five-year average. \nThere is something of a rear-guard fight. Bankers who specialise in equity capital markets say there is often a robust discussion with potential investors and some companies that were on the fence have ultimately ended up with one class of shares. Calpers, the large California pension fund, \u201cis firmly in the camp of \u201cone share one vote\u201d. Anything else distorts the alignment of interest between the company and the providers of capital,\u201d says Anne Simpson, head of corporate governance. But an executive at a large asset manager says the reality can be different: \u201cWe basically begrudgingly accept disproportionate voting rights.\u201d \nThere are some shifts in tone. Pure Storage had its IPO last week with a dual share structure. But chief executive Scott Dietzen was enthusiastic about going public \u2014 \u201cI never liked the unicorn label. We never set out to build a mythical beast\u201d \u2014 and almost apologetic for the reduced voting rights of new shareholders. \u201cOur provisions do sunset,\u201d he says. \u201cThat was a selling point.\u201d Investors say they will try to haggle for a sunset limiting the dual class either for a specific period of time \u2014 Pure Storage has 10 years, or when the founder cedes day-to-day control. \nA real change may only come when private funding is tougher and public investors suddenly have more power. As the asset management executive says: \u201cSome of these companies need to be thinking about how they make themselves attractive for a slightly more picky equity investor in the future.\u201d \nThe day already came for Wayfair , an online furniture retailer, which went public last October with two classes of share. By January 2015 the stock was down and Wayfair made a tweak, persuading original investors to convert a portion of their Class B premium stock into regular Class A. This was not altruistic; it turned out that the supply of Class A stock was so small that institutions that wanted to take a bigger position were prevented from doing so because of internal limits and needed a bigger free float. \nThere are, however, understandable reasons for founders to want to entrench. Mr Dietzen says he wants to ensure the company avoids activist attacks or takeover attempts while it settles down to life as a public entity. That could yet be a problem for Mr Dorsey at his other company, the struggling social media group Twitter . Unlike Square, Twitter opted for a single class of shares when it had its IPO in 2013 . Co-founder Ev Williams retains a 6.8 per cent stake and Mr Dorsey has 3.2 per cent. With premium voting rights that slim slice of equity would be a blocking minority, enough to ward off unwelcome agitators. As it is, Twitter looks vulnerable. \ntom.braithwaite@ft.com\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Thomson Reuters Corp was 35.916748046875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Thomson Reuters Corp was ",
 "expected": "35.778968811035156",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "TRI",
 "company": "Thomson Reuters Corp"
}