{
 "context": "The following article called 'ICA Reports the Refiling of Its CNBV Letter on Derivative Instruments for the Second Quarter of 2015' was published on 2015-08-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nICA Reports the Refiling of Its CNBV Letter on Derivative Instruments for the Second Quarter of 2015 Empresas ICA, S.A.B. de C.V. 2 hours ago Content preferences Done MEXICO CITY, Aug. 26, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Empresas ICA, S.A.B. de C.V. ( ICA ) ( ICA ), the largest infrastructure and construction company in Mexico, informs that it has refiled its letter regarding derivative instruments for the second quarter of 2015, in accordance with a requirement of the National Banking and Securities Commission (CNBV). This letter includes details on the positions that each instrument hedges, as well as descriptions of the methods used for the determination of expected losses. There is no change in ICA\u2019s reported second quarter earnings. This press release contains projections or other forward-looking statements related to ICA that reflect ICA\u2019s current expectations or beliefs concerning future events. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties and may differ materially from actual results or events due to important factors such as changes in general economic, business or political or other conditions in Mexico, Latin America or elsewhere, changes in capital markets in general that may affect policies or attitudes towards lending to Mexico or Mexican companies, changes in tax and other laws affecting ICA\u2019s businesses, increased costs, unanticipated increases in financing and other costs or the inability to obtain additional debt or equity financing on attractive terms and other factors set forth in ICA\u2019s most recent filing on Form 20-F and in any filing or submission ICA has made with the SEC subsequent to its most recent filing on Form 20-F. All forward-looking statements are based on information available to ICA on the date hereof, and ICA assumes no obligation to update such statements. Empresas ICA, S.A.B. de C.V. is Mexico's largest infrastructure company. ICA carries out large-scale civil and industrial construction projects and operates a portfolio of long-term assets, including airports, toll roads, water systems, and real estate. Founded in 1947, lCA is listed on the Mexican and New York Stock exchanges. For more information, visit ir.ica.com.mx Industrials For more information, please contact:Elena Garcia\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Aethlon Medical, Inc. was 103.80000305175781 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Aethlon Medical, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "105.75",
 "date": "2015-08-27",
 "ticker": "AEMD",
 "company": "Aethlon Medical, Inc."
}