{
 "context": "The following article called 'Banks would need more capital to provide for sticky loans, analysts say' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBanks would need more capital to provide for sticky loans, analysts say By ET Bureau | 6 Aug, 2015, 04.58PM IST ET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: The government's Rs 70,000 crore capital investment into state-run banks may improve the credit profile of banks by bringing down their cost of borrowing, but given the poor levels of provisioning for doubtful assets, it may be too little, says Moody's and India Ratings & Research. Banks will need about Rs 1 lakh crore over and above their Basel III capital requirement to cover the loan loss risk arising out of their exposure to highly stressed corporate entities, India Ratings and Research said Thursday. Out of this, public sector banks as a group would require around Rs 93,000 crore. The situation would force banks to raise additional capital. Moody's said that banks need access to the equity markets to materially improve their capital levels. \"Although the capital infusion plan is credit positive, we note that the capital amount is a fraction of the overall capital requirements over the next four years,\" said Srikanth Vadlamani, vice president and senior credit officer at Moody's. The poor market valuation of state-run banks however limits their capacity raise capital. \"The government distancing itself from the running of these banks, greater autonomy and longer tenure of bank's top management will help in improving the valuation of the public sector banks which may improve the situation,\" said Ananda Bhoumik, senior director at India Ratings and Research. Its estimation of Rs 1 lakh crore is over and above the Rs 2.4 lakh crore of capital infusion which it believes the banks would need just for growth \"The additional Rs 1 lakh crore is needed by the banks to make provisions against loans that may slip into the bad loans category, Bhowmik said. More skeleton may come up from the closet with Reserve Bank of India intensifying inspection of banks' loan books and started taking action against banks for hiding sticky loans. RBI said that bank managements are being hauled up if there are divergences in NPA figures. In some banks there are more divergences than others in which case they have a pretty strong discussion with Mr Mundra \"(Deputy Governor SS Mundra) in which he hauls them over the course in doing what they did and increasingly we are turning towards talking action over such divergences. India Ratings said in its study that banks would need to reduce their current exposure by 24% to ensure reasonable debt servicing by these corporate entities on a sustained basis even when they reach their maximum production capacity. The study examined a set of corporate entities with an aggregated bank debt of Rs 5000 crore which totals to around 7-8% of the total bank credit. Power and other infrastructure sectors accounted for around 50% of this, iron and steel another 32% and the rest made up by aviation, sugar and textile industries.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moody's Corporation was 104.1322250366211 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moody's Corporation was ",
 "expected": "102.27871704101562",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "MCO",
 "company": "Moody's Corporation"
}