{
 "context": "The following article called '3 Metrics That Make OneSavings Bank plc A Better Buy Than Lloyds Banking Group plc And Virgin Money Holdings (UK) plc' was published on 2015-09-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nVirgin Money 1.65 Low net interest margins is partly the cause of the higher cost efficiency ratios suffered by Virgin Money. On net interest margins, Lloyds does not do too badly, but OneSavings Bank is still more profitable on this metric. With one of the largest branch networks and the most retail customers, Lloyds has been able to reduce the interest it offers to depositors and offer loans on attractive terms. Conclusion \nIt's interesting to see that Virgin Money, a mid-sized challenger bank, is not doing as well as Lloyds Banking Group. Unlike the other 'big four' banks, Lloyds has refrained from international expansion and this has enabled it to gain more of the cost savings from local economies of scale. So, although it is not nearly as profitable as the smaller challenger banks, it is probably the most profitable of the larger banks. \nOneSavings Bank comes out top with all three financial metrics, and it also seems to offer the strongest growth prospects. As OneSavings Bank grows, its cost efficiency could benefit further from economies of scale and its return on equity would likely improve with increasing leverage. \nThere are near-term headwinds affecting OneSavings though. The proposed introduction of an 8% Bank Corporation Tax Surcharge would eat into the earnings of smaller banks, reducing the amount of capital available to support further growth. Furthermore, competition has been intensifying in the mortgage lending sector, particularly in the SME and buy-to-let mortgage market that OneSavings Bank focuses on. \nMore than just picking winners? \nBuilding a successful investment portfolio does not only involve picking winners . Reducing trading costs and minimising your tax liability are just as important to building wealth . \nThe Motley Fool has a free special report called \"Your 10 Step Guide To Making A Million In The Market\" that will show you the value of compounded investment returns and the importance of thinking for yourself. \nGet your copy now ! It's completely free and there's no further obligation . \nJack Tang has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK has no position in any of the shares mentioned. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Lloyds Banking Group Plc was 3.6931357383728027 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Lloyds Banking Group Plc was ",
 "expected": "3.5655107498168945",
 "date": "2015-09-22",
 "ticker": "LYG",
 "company": "Lloyds Banking Group Plc"
}