{
 "context": "The following article called 'AGCO CORP /DE Files SEC form 8-K, Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits' was published on 2015-07-28. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nShow all filings for AGCO CORP /DE \nForm 8-K for AGCO CORP /DE \n28-Jul-2015 \nResults of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition. \nOn July 28, 2015, AGCO Corporation issued a press release reporting its financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2015. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. \nIn the press release, AGCO uses non-GAAP financial measures. For purposes of SEC Regulation G, a \"non-GAAP financial measure\" is a numerical measure of a registrant's historical or future performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding amounts, that are included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in the statement of income, balance sheet or statement of cash flows of the issuer; or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of including amounts, that are excluded from the most directly comparable measure so calculated and presented. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to operating income, net income, earnings per share, net sales, inventories, net, and operating expenses as computed under GAAP for the applicable period. AGCO has included, as part of the press release, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. \nAGCO uses income from operations, net income and earnings per share amounts that have been adjusted to exclude restructuring and other infrequent expenses. Restructuring and other infrequent expenses occur regularly in AGCO's business, but vary in size and frequency. AGCO believes that the adjusted amounts provide management and investors useful information because the expenses that are excluded relate to events that resulted in a significant impact during the quarter, but will recur only in varied amounts and with unpredictable frequency. \nAGCO also provides net sales, reduction in inventories, net, and reduction in operating expense amounts that have been adjusted to exclude the impact of currency translation. AGCO believes that the adjusted amounts provide useful information to management and investors to better analyze the causes of changes in between periods. \nThe information in this Form 8-K and the Exhibit shall not be deemed \"filed\" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing of AGCO under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. \n(d) Exhibits\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of AGCO Corporation was 47.599117279052734 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of AGCO Corporation was ",
 "expected": "50.47750473022461",
 "date": "2015-07-28",
 "ticker": "AGCO",
 "company": "AGCO Corporation"
}