{
 "context": "The following article called 'DBS bank's former chief Sanjiv Bhasin to join Centrum Capital as CEO & MD' was published on 2015-07-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nDBS bank's former chief Sanjiv Bhasin to join Centrum Capital as CEO & MD By Sabarinath M & Saikat Das , ET Bureau | 2 Jul, 2015, 06.37AM IST ET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: DBS Bank's former India head, Sanjiv Bhasin , is joining Centrum Capital as managing director and chief executive, as the Mumbai-based financial services company looks to ride on the expertise of top talent from a foreign bank and speed up growth. The Centrum group, promoted by Chandir Gidwani, has offered a significant minority stake to the 60-year-old in the holding company, Centrum Capital, in tune with its practice of offering equity stake to ignite entrepreneurial mindset among employees, three people familiar with the matter said. Centrum shares equity stake with a definite lock-in period with its employees. It offered 33% of its stake in the wealth management business to employees in 2011 by locking it in as options which could be vested in mid-2015. A Centrum group spokesperson and Bhasin declined to comment. The appointment signals promoters' desire to step out of day-to-day operations and leverage the new-age experience of a multinational banker and boost valuations and growth. Bhasin's move reinforces the trend of top foreign bankers captaining domestic financial players to build institutions based on their varied learnings on product, processes and people. Aditya Puri began the trend in 1994, leaving a lucrative job at Citibank to start HDFC Bank. After stints with various foreign banks, Rana Kapoor launched Yes Bank more than a decade ago. Romesh Sobti quit ABN Amro to join IndusInd Bank and orchestrated a quick turnaround by following a brick-by-brick approach of smartly expanding the portfolio and institutionalising a performance culture. Amore recent example is the transformation of Ratnakar Bank led by former Bank of America CEO Vishwavir Ahuja. Kolhapur-based Ratnakar Bank, till then largely confined to Western Maharashtra, was morphed into a new-age bank with branches across the country. Former Standard Chartered executive Shyam Srinivsan is changing the fortunes of Federal Bank , which was battling with the problems of a mid-size bank. Now, talents from top foreign banks are also moving to domestic financial institutions, which are on the cusp of major growth. Centrum, which launched from a 1,000 square feet space at the Bombay Mutual Building in Fort in 1995 by Gidwani and Khushrooh Byramjee, grew into a diversified financial services major with more than a million customers in the past 20 years, propelled by the 1999-2000 economic boom that set up a strong springboard for growth. Flagship Centrum Capital handles corporate finance, institutional broking, equity capital market , infrastructure and debt solutions. The group, which posted Rs 150 crore in consolidated earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation in fiscal 2015, is believed to have drawn up a blueprint to take its Ebitda to Rs 600 crore in the next three years, which can fetch it a valuation of $1 billion (Rs 6,360 crore). Bhasin, who steered fortunes of Rabo India Finance and HSBC before taking charge at DBS India , will consolidate operations of Centrum's varied businesses and harness synergies. His more-than-two-decade long stint at HSBC from 1979, in places like London, Mauritius and India and in different capacities, had horned Bhasin's banking skills. \"Bhasin is capable of using technology as a differentiator to improve different customer experiences,\" said a banking industry expert. The attempt will be to transform Centrum into a full-fledged bank, taking a cue from established players like Kotak which was in a similar position more than ten years ago.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Bank of America Corporation was 15.219695091247559 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Bank of America Corporation was ",
 "expected": "14.972225189208984",
 "date": "2015-07-02",
 "ticker": "BAC",
 "company": "Bank of America Corporation"
}