{
 "context": "The following article called 'Stratasys Strengthens Its Position and Commitment to German Speaking Region' was published on 2015-07-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nAcquires RTC Rapid Technologies to better support partners and customers in the region \nMINNEAPOLIS & REHOVOT, Israel--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 2, 2015-- Stratasys Ltd . (Nasdaq:SSYS), a global leader of 3D printing and additive manufacturing solutions announced it has acquired a key German channel partner, RTC Rapid Technologies GmbH. This transaction aims to strengthen the company's presence in the important German Speaking Countries (GSC) region of Germany, Switzerland and Austria and aligns with Stratasys' growth strategy for the region. \nFollowing the acquisition, Stratasys will continue to offer the full suite of Stratasys 3D printing solutions and services to the installed base of RTC Rapid Technologies and will work with its regional resellers to further capitalize on growth opportunities in selected verticals in the region. \nStratasys and RTC Rapid Technologies have experienced a mutually beneficial partnership since 2003, with RTC Rapid Technologies being a key European partner that helped establish and develop the GSC region. With this transaction, Stratasys will incorporate to its German operations, a seasoned channel partner team that includes customer service, application support, sales and marketing expertise. Stratasys believes that integrating the RTC Rapid Technologies team will better position the company to serve its partners and customers in the GSC region. \n\"The GSC region is important to Stratasys. By bringing the expertise of RTC Rapid Technologies founders and employees in-house and their intimate familiarity with the GSC region customers, the extended team is expected to add substantial value, being highly focused on our key accounts and business development efforts in this region,\" says Stratasys EMEA President, Andy Middleton. \"RTC Rapid Technologies has been an invaluable partner and an extension of our company for over 12 years, and I am confident that our new relationship will be a winning combination for Stratasys, our partners and customers alike.\" \nStratasys Ltd. (Nasdaq:SSYS), headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota and Rehovot, Israel, is a leading global provider of 3D printing and additive manufacturing solutions. The company's patented FDM\u00ae and PolyJet\u2122 3D Printing technologies produce prototypes and manufactured goods directly from 3D CAD files or other 3D content. Systems include 3D printers for idea development, prototyping and direct digital manufacturing. Stratasys subsidiaries include MakerBot and Solidscape, and the company operates the digital parts manufacturing service, Stratasys Direct Manufacturing. Stratasys has more than 3,000 employees, holds over 800 granted or pending additive manufacturing patents globally, and has received more than 30 awards for its technology and leadership. Online at: www.stratasys.com or http://blog.stratasys.com . \nNote Regarding Forward-Looking Statements The statements in this press release relating to Stratasys' expectations of the benefits that it will receive from its acquisition of RTC Rapid Technologies GmbH and Stratasys' ability to successfully integrate RTC Rapid Technologies into its operations, are forward-looking statements reflecting management's current expectations and beliefs. These forward-looking statements are based on current information that is, by its nature, subject to rapid and even abrupt change. Due to risks and uncertainties associated with Stratasys' business, actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the risk that customers will not perceive the benefits provided by RTC Rapid Technologies and its team to be as Stratasys believes them to be; the risk that the integration of RTC Rapid Technologies and its team into Stratasys will be more difficult and time consuming than Stratasys expects; and other risk factors more fully explained under the caption \"Risk Factors\" in Stratasys' most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 3, 2015. Stratasys is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by the rules and regulations of the SEC. \nView source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150702005051/en/ \nSource: Stratasys Ltd.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Stratasys, Ltd. was 34.33000183105469 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Stratasys, Ltd. was ",
 "expected": "34.040000915527344",
 "date": "2015-07-02",
 "ticker": "SSYS",
 "company": "Stratasys, Ltd."
}