{
 "context": "The following article called 'IAG gives up five Gatwick slots to gain EU green light for Aer Lingus deal' was published on 2015-07-15. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nWed, Jul 15, 2015, 00:06 BST - UK Markets open in 7 hrs 54 mins IAG gives up five Gatwick slots to gain EU green light for Aer Lingus deal By Reuters | Telegraph \u2013 1 hour 33 minutes ago 0.346 -0.044 \nIAG, which owns British Airways, will also enter into agreements with competing airlines which operate long-haul flights out of Britain \nIAG's \u20ac1.3bn takeover of Irish carrier Aer Lingus (LSE: AERL.L - news ) has been approved by European regulators, after the British Airways owner agreed to make concessions to ease competition worries. \nIAG's plan to buy Aer Lingus and build a new transatlantic hub at Dublin airport won the support last week of Ryanair , which holds a 30pc stake in its rival, after convincing the Irish government to sell its 25pc stake in May . \nReuters reported on Friday that IAG was set to win approval after improving concessions, including giving up some airport slots in London and agreeing to special agreements with rivals, clearing the last hurdle for a takeover that dragged on for months. \n\"These commitments adequately address all competition concerns identified by the Commission,\" the European Commission said in a statement. \nThe Commission said it had concerns that the merged entity would have faced insufficient competition on several routes and that it would have also prevented Aer Lingus from continuing to provide traffic to the long-haul flights of competing airlines. \nIt confirmed on Tuesday that IAG had submitted commitments to release five daily slots at Gatwick airport to facilitate the entry of competing airlines on routes from London to Dublin and Belfast. \nIAG, which said it \"welcomed\" the decision, also made a commitment to enter into agreements with competing airlines which operate long-haul flights out of Britain, the Netherlands and Ireland (Other OTC: IRLD - news ) so that Aer Lingus will continue to provide these airlines with connecting passengers. \nIreland's transport minister welcomed the decision and said officials would review it in order to confirm that there is no impact on the connectivity commitments the government agreed with IAG to win skeptical MPs over. \nPaschal Donohoe said: \"I welcome today\u2019s decision by the Commission to approve the acquisition of Aer Lingus by IAG. This decision will now be reviewed in order to confirm that there is no impact on the connectivity commitments agreed with IAG.\" \nAdding Aer Lingus to its portfolio of airlines - British Airways, Iberia and Spanish budget carrier Vueling - opens a new avenue of growth for IAG, allowing it to expand capacity on lucrative transatlantic routes by using Dublin Airport.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Iamgold Corporation was 1.7999999523162842 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Iamgold Corporation was ",
 "expected": "1.7000000476837158",
 "date": "2015-07-15",
 "ticker": "IAG",
 "company": "Iamgold Corporation"
}