{
 "context": "The following article called 'Africa: Connectivity - Mobile Operators Push for U.S.$20 3G Enabled Smartphone' was published on 2015-10-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nEthiopia: ECX Inaugurates eTRADE Platform, Introduces New Coffee Grading System, and Launches Enhanced SMS/IVR Services By Emeka Aginam According to him, there are many 3G enabled devices in the market but noted that affordability was still a challenge to many people in the region living below two dollars per day. To further address the connectivity challenge, the MTN boss added that there was need for clear regulatory framework. Pushing for more players in the industry to achieve last mile, he said that the government must make spectrum available ahead of time so as to meet demand. \"I think that in our region, across our continent, the relationship between operators, regulators and policy makers has probably not been optimal. In nearly every market there is a policy drive to get universal internet access, but then the availability of spectrum is probably the biggest issue,\" he said. Also speaking, the Deputy Chairman, GSMA, Group Chief Executive Officer, Etisalat Group, Ahmed Abdulkarim Julfar also said that cost of smart phones will be reduced for digital inclusion. \"There is need for the vendors to bring down cost of 3G enabled devices in the region. Device price is a challenge in the region. There is also need for infrastructure sharing, government support and alternative technologies in the region to drive connectivity\" he said. According to him, Africa has huge potentials for growth in mobile connectivity but noted that there was need for infrastructure sharing especially in the rural arrears to reduce the cost of deploying infrastructure. The GSMA Mobile 360 Series is a capacity building conference held around the globe, with a specific focus on regional issues or current industry topics. Nigeria \nContrary to claims of an Ebola outbreak in Calabar, Cross River State, Nigeria is still a World Health \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Vanguard. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was 94.27483367919922 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vail Resorts, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "96.87882232666016",
 "date": "2015-10-09",
 "ticker": "MTN",
 "company": "Vail Resorts, Inc."
}