{
 "context": "The following article called 'As Wal-Mart Cuts Hours, Problems Emerge With New Pay Plan' was published on 2015-09-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n$575,000 Source: Company filings. *Results include Canada. **Estimated. \nAs you can see from the chart above, sales per employee at both Costco and Amazon are more than double that of Wal-Mart, meaning they are much more efficient in the way they use their labor. E-commerce and the buy-in-bulk warehouse model, it turns out, are better uses of labor than Wal-Mart's supercenter model, which is part of the reason those companies are generally able to offer lower prices. Costco and Amazon are also both renown for their customer service, which may be partly because they are able to pay their employees better. Not surprisingly, both Costco and Amazon are growing sales consistently, while Wal-Mart is struggling. \nThat disparity presents an ongoing challenge for Wal-Mart as it tries to drive comparable sales upward. Increasingly, it's become apparent that Wal-Mart's supercenters are becoming a drag on its performance, and the company instead is turning its focus to its smaller-format Neighborhood Markets and e-commerce. \nIt's a smart move, but it won't restore growth since its supercenters make up more than half of the company's sales. With the stock price down nearly a third from its highs earlier this year, the company needs to find a way to reinvigorate growth at its big-box stores. Improving pay would seem to be a step in the right direction, but not if it leads to lower morale and disgruntled workers. \nSolving that problem and improving customer service along with it are key to Wal-Mart's future. It's clear change won't happen overnight, but the bigger question is if it will happen at all. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early, in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nJeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns and recommends Amazon.com and Costco Wholesale. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Compare Brokers Jeremy Bowman Fool Contributor Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Sep 9, 2015 at 8:00AM Consumer Goods\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 57.804473876953125 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "55.836456298828125",
 "date": "2015-09-09",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}