{
 "context": "The following article called 'Egypt: NSC - Egypt's Gift to the World' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nThe second ship, coming from Singapore and laden with 95,000 tons, was heading for the US. \nThe third ship heading for Italy is Bahraini coming from Jeddah. It is laden with 77,000 tons. \nThe first flotilla successfully transited the New Suez Canal earlier Saturday as part of an experimental operation of the waterway, the Suez Canal Authority (SCA) chairman said. \nThe successful experiment proved to the world the ability of Egyptians to implement mega projects \nThree big vessels crossed the new canal with the aim to examine its depth and know guide zones along the waterway. \nIn a press conference at the authority's building of maritime simulation, Mamish described the experimental operation as \"sensitive\", praising the role the canal's guides played in guiding the first flotilla successfully transited the New waterway earlier Saturday. \nMamish said they insisted that the first experimental operation should handle huge container vessels. \nThe chairman of the Suez Canal Authority expressed thanks to the Egyptian people for funding the mega project, pointing out that all Egyptians worked as one to finalize the project. \nHe hoped that the project may be a precursor to a series of success in Egypt in the coming period. \n\"I am proud of working with the youth in this project,\" he said. \nHe said he insisted to implement the test-transit in the new canal in parallel with the ordinary daily operation of the old waterway. \n\"Our message was that our canal runs on two directions,\" Mamish told a news conference. \nAsked about the total cost of the project, he estimated it at around $4 billion. \nHe said that further test-transits will be conducted during the coming days. \nMamish said the implementation of a fishery national project in the canal region will open up new vistas that have not been tapped before. \nIn statements to MENA, Mamish said the project has come into effect with the establishment of 460 basin out of a total of 3,828 basins, noting that President Abdel Fattah El Sisi has ordered the establishment of such basins to coincide with the inauguration of the new Suez Canal on August 6. \nMamish said the project has been established with Spanish contribution, noting that Egyptian expertise in this field is reliable so far. \nHe said the beginnings are always hard, \"but we gain new expertise day after day\". Egypt \nSuez Canal Authority, in partnership with a WWP consortium, launches its campaign to tell the world about the 'symbol of \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Egypt State Information Service. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Norfolk Southern Corporation was 74.02395629882812 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Norfolk Southern Corporation was ",
 "expected": "74.79108428955078",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "NSC",
 "company": "Norfolk Southern Corporation"
}