{
 "context": "The following article called 'How Will Rising Interest Rates Affect My Retirement?' was published on 2015-09-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nHow Will Rising Interest Rates Affect My Retirement? 09/09/2015 - 3:57 PM EDT Why Don\u2019t Young Investors Trust Financial Advisors? NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Higher interest rates are on the way, which could be a game changer for retirees. The Federal Reserve is looking to raise short-term interest rates, which have stayed close to zero since December 2008, following the aftermath of the financial crisis. While the timing of the Fed's rate hike is still up for debate, retirees will feel the affects of higher interest rates in these three ways. 1. Fixed Income Rising interest rates threaten bond values, as prices and yields move in opposite directions. Retirees holding bonds run the risk of losing principal as interest rates rise, should they sell their bonds before they mature. \"Most retirees hold substantial amounts of bond mutual funds in order to be more conservative and these could potentially lose principal as rates rise,\" said Paul Taghibagi, senior partner at Los Angeles-based Signature Estate and Investment Advisors. That's especially troublesome if the fund managers sell the bonds before maturity. \"The better alternative in an environment like this would be to directly own a ladder of bonds with staggered maturity dates,\" he said. \"Bonds do not lose principal as long as they are held to maturity, and the bond holder collects coupon interest along the way.\" This way, you're in the driver's seat when it comes to buying and selling bonds, rather than relying on a fund manager. That said, higher rates allow retirees sitting on the sidelines to move deeper into fixed income investments for a bargain, while enjoying higher coupon payments. \"Retirees will be able to buy individual bonds at a cheaper rate and get a higher return,\" said Susan Garland, editor of Kiplinger's Retirement Report . Garland suggests bonds with shorter durations, which are less sensitive to changes in interest rates. Keep in mind, many economists think the Fed will gradually raise interest rates over time. 1\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 142.72999572753906 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "139.2663116455078",
 "date": "2015-09-09",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}