{
 "context": "The following article called 'New Cencor retail development along Wurzbach Parkway highlights citywide trend toward smaller centers' was published on 2015-08-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCencor Realty Services Parkway Oaks, a 12,000-square-foot center along Wurzbach Parkway, highlights the city's\u2026 more When Cencor Realty Services broke ground on its new 12,000-square-foot Parkway Oaks retail center, it was already 70 percent leased. And in the city's retail market, that isn't an anomaly. The center, nestled in the southwest corner of Wurzbach Parkway and Blanco Road on a former Wal-Mart outparcel, point to three significant trends in the city: retail development is picking up, the project size is getting smaller and demand among tenants continues to climb. \"No question \u2014 smaller retail centers lease up quickly,\" said Michael Schoenbrun , Cencor's city partner. \"There has been very little development in the past five years, and with the economy doing well and businesses doing well, people want to expand. There's a lot of demand from users.\" Schoenbrun went on to say that multi-unit operators are looking for their second, third, fourth, even fifth locations that, in prior years, weren't available. And Parkway Oaks is a perfect example of that trend. The center has signed Bahama Buck's, Sport Clips, AT&T and Texan Urgent Care, leaving 4,000 square feet for two or three more service-oriented users. The Weitzman Group , Cencor's realty arm, bought the 1.46-acre site from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT). Schoenbrun said that having the retail giant as its neighbor will be a \"major anchor and draw a lot of traffic.\" At the same time, a majority of new retail development in the city will be floating without an anchor. According to REOC San Antonio's second-quarter retail report, the market closed with a healthy 10 percent citywide vacancy rate. That stability has prompted a wave of construction, but that new supply will be small and targeted toward food and service tenants. Brian Harris , REOC San Antonio's senior vice president and partner, said: \"Speculative development will remain user-driven and limited to smaller projects, but retailers and restaurants will continue to expand to serve San Antonio's growing population.\" \nWant San Antonio Commercial Real Estate news in your inbox? Sign up for our free email newsletters. Related Content\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 63.203521728515625 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "63.029354095458984",
 "date": "2015-08-13",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}