{
 "context": "The following article called 'Dozens of apartments coming to Batavia as part of bank settlement' was published on 2015-07-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nDozens of apartments coming to Batavia as part of bank settlement Jul 1, 2015, 3:12pm EDT Enlarge diego cervo Fifty-six affordable housing units are set to be built or preserved in Batavia as part of a settlement between New York state and two of the largest financial institutions in the country. State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman announced Wednesday that Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America will finance nearly $75 million for the construction and rehabilitation of 3,780 affordable housing units in New York state. In Batavia, the project costs will total $2.2 million, but the state did not say where the housing will be located or which companies will work on the project. More than 3,100 of the units will be located in New York City, Long Island and the Lower Hudson-Capital regions, with the remainder to be located in Rochester, the North Country, Central and Western New York. Home of the Day See All Homes of the Day The low-interest-rate lending arrangements stem from settlements reached last year between the state and the two banks involving the sale of troubled mortgage securities. Citigroup agreed to pay $7 billion, including $4 billion in fines, while Bank of America was set to pay $9.7 billion in cash and provide approximately $7 billion toward consumer relief initiatives. Schneiderman said the new and preserved housing units will offer options for New Yorkers who lost their homes during the financial crisis. According to the state, more housing is needed because former homeowners who were forclosed upon seek out rentals or can\u2019t get approved for mortgages. Most of the apartments will be priced for extremely low-income to moderate-income New Yorkers, the state said. \nWant Buffalo Residential Real Estate news in your inbox? Sign up for our free email newsletters. Industries\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was 47.78404235839844 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "47.89649200439453",
 "date": "2015-07-01",
 "ticker": "C",
 "company": "Citigroup, Inc."
}