{
 "context": "The following article called 'Oregon bridge danglers hope to delay Shell's Arctic drilling' was published on 2015-07-29. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nWed, Jul 29, 2015, 20:59 BST - UK Markets closed Oregon bridge danglers hope to delay Shell's Arctic drilling Reuters - UK Focus \u2013 22 minutes ago \n(Adds dateline, details on protests, departure schedule) \nBy Shelby Sebens \nPORTLAND, Ore., July 29 (Reuters) - Protestors rappelled off a bridge and formed a kayak flotilla in Portland, Oregon, on Wednesday hoping to delay Royal Dutch Shell (Xetra: R6C1.DE - news ) 's Arctic oil exploration this summer by blocking the return of a ship to Alaska that holds emergency equipment. \nGreenpeace said 13 protesters lowered themselves from the St. John's bridge in the early morning and 13 others on the traffic level of the bridge were assisting them. \n\"Depending on the weather they can stay there for three to five days,\" said Cassady Sharp, a spokeswoman for Greenpeace, which says Arctic drilling could be damaging to populations of whales, polar bears and walrus if there is an oil spill. \nThe danglers have food and water and plan to sleep in hammocks suspended over the Willamette River, which provides shipping access to the Pacific Ocean from Portland. \nSeveral activists also assembled in kayaks and small boats on the river below the bridge, holding a large #ShellNo sign, local broadcaster KOIN reported. \nNo arrests had been made and the bridge was still open to traffic, police spokesman Pete Simpson said. \nThe Fennica, an icebreaker Shell (LSE: RDSB.L - news ) is leasing, was set to begin its journey back to Alaska on Wednesday morning, the protesters said, citing shipping charts. Its departure schedule has yet to be determined, boat repair facility Vigor said. \nThe Fennica had returned to Portland in recent days for repairs to a three foot (1 meter) gash it suffered in Alaska earlier this month. The ship holds a capping stack, a piece of equipment that would help plug a oil well, should one blow out. \nUntil the Fennica returns to the Chukchi Sea off northern Alaska with this emergency equipment, Shell is not allowed to drill into the oil bearing zone, the Interior Department said last week in issuing the final permits for exploration. Any delays could be costly as the exploration season only lasts until about October, when sea ice returns. \nPresident Barack Obama has tried to strike a balance in the Arctic by expanding protected areas of Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge this spring. But at the same time his Interior Department is allowing Shell to return to drilling leases the company obtained when George W. Bush was president. \n\"The Fennica will begin its return journey to Alaska once we've completed the final preparations,\" Shell spokesman Curtis Smith said. \nShell hopes to return to the Arctic for the first time since 2012, when it experienced a series of mishaps including the grounding of an oil rig. (Reporting by Shelby Sebens in Portland, Oregon, and Timothy Gardner in Washington,; Editing by Eric M. Johnson and Sandra Maler)\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was 26.089616775512695 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. was ",
 "expected": "25.751455307006836",
 "date": "2015-07-29",
 "ticker": "SHLX",
 "company": "Shell Midstream Partners, L.P."
}