{
 "context": "The following article called 'CVS to exit U.S. Chamber of Commerce over tobacco row' was published on 2015-07-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCVS leaving US Chamber of Commerce in tobacco tiff CVS Health says it's leaving Chamber of Commerce in disagreement about tobacco products 2 hours ago Content preferences Done \nNEW YORK (AP) -- CVS Health is leaving the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, saying the trade group's position on tobacco products is incompatible with CVS' focus on health. \nThe Chamber of Commerce said its position on tobacco products is being misinterpreted and it's unfortunate that a company is leaving the organization over the issue. \nA New York Times article published June 30 said the Chamber of Commerce is fighting anti-smoking laws around the world at the behest of the tobacco industry, which is facing increased regulation aimed at reducing smoking. The next day, the Chamber of Commerce said in a press release that it is not promoting the use of tobacco, but is working to make sure intellectual property rights are protected and international agreements are upheld, and is fighting against discriminatory treatment of unpopular industries. \nOn Tuesday the Chamber of Commerce said it makes a \"principled defense of the rights of companies and the free enterprise system\" that applies to all industries, not just tobacco. The organization advocates says its members include about 3 million businesses ranging from small companies to major corporations. \nCVS Health Inc. runs the second-largest chain of drugstores in the U.S., with about 7,800 locations, and manages prescription benefits for about 70 million people through its Caremark division. The Woonsocket, Rhode Island-based stopped selling tobacco products at its stores in September because it was concentrating on health care. \nCompetitors Walgreen Boots Alliance Inc. and Rite Aid Corp. haven't announced any plans to stop selling tobacco products. Walgreen has about 8,200 stores in the U.S. and Rite Aid has about 4,600. \nShares of CVS Health rose $1.57 to $106.38 on Tuesday. Consumer Discretionary\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of CVS Caremark Corporation was 89.91534423828125 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of CVS Caremark Corporation was ",
 "expected": "89.34056854248047",
 "date": "2015-07-08",
 "ticker": "CVS",
 "company": "CVS Caremark Corporation"
}