{
 "context": "The following article called 'Is Vodafone Group plc Really Worth 250p?' was published on 2015-07-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nTue, Jul 21, 2015, 16:08 BST - UK Markets close in 22 mins. Is Vodafone Group plc Really Worth 250p? By Rupert Hargreaves | Fool.co.uk \u2013 17 minutes ago 36.6299 -0.5801 \nDuring the past twelve months, Vodafone (LSE: VOD) has traded as high as 258p and as low as 180p. Unfortunately, these price swings have only complicated things for investors. The jump from 180p to 258p has made it exceptionally difficult to calculate an appropriate entry price. \nAdditionally, it's difficult to value Vodafone using traditional metrics like the P/E ratio. At present, City analysts expect Vodafone to report earnings per share of 5.4p for the company's 2016 financial year. These forecasts mean that the company is trading at an eye-watering forward P/E of 46. \nComplex figures \nMaintaining a global telecommunications business requires a hefty amount of investment in capital equipment, which has to be depreciated over time. A depreciation expense has a direct effect on the profit that appears on a company's income statement. \nThe larger the depreciation expense in a given year, the lower the company's reported net income. As a result, Vodafone's net income figure is weighed down by a hefty depreciation expense and is, to a certain extent, misleading. \nFor example, last year Vodafone reported earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation of \u00a311.7bn. But, after deducting depreciation and amortization the company reported earnings before interest and taxes of \u00a32.1bn. \nHowever, depreciation is a non-cash expense and as a result, the cost doesn't change the company's cash flow. So, the best way to try and place an accurate value on Vodafone's shares is to value the business based on cash flows. The company generated \u00a39bn in cash from operations last year. \nYou could also use a sum-of-the-parts (SOTP) valuation, which is also known as a break-up analysis. \nA SOTP analysis provides a range of values for a company's shares by adding together the value of its individual business segments. \nCrunching numbers \nBy using a SOTP valuation coupled with cash flow models, Goldman Sachs believes that Vodafone's shares are worth 220p each. This price target is based on the assumption that Vodafone's shares trade at the same multiples as the company's peers. \nMoreover, Goldman's analysts believe that any deal between Vodafone and Liberty Global could unlock up to 30p per share, depending on how the deal is structured. It's assumed that an agreement between these two telecoms giants will unlock value from assets and help to cut costs. \nAnother set of analysts, this time at UBS believe that an agreement between Vodafone and Liberty could unlock between 32p and 96p per Vodafone share in value. So, estimates from these two groups of analysts imply that if a deal between Vodafone and Liberty goes ahead, Vodafone's shares could jump by 30p. \nA final value \nOverall, on a SOTP basis, Vodafone's shares are worth 220p. Nevertheless, if the company agrees a deal with Liberty to sell-off some unwanted European assets an additional 30p per share of value could be unlocked. \nWhat's more, if Vodafone does decide to sell off its European business to Liberty, the company is likely to return any cash received from the deal to shareholders -- there could be yet another special dividend windfall on the cards for investors. \nDividend champion \nVodafone is already a dividend champion. The company's shares currently support a dividend yield of 4.7%, and analysts expect the yield to hit 4.9% next year. If this interests you, and you're looking for other companies with similar yields, then you need to check out The Motley Fool's free, limited edition dividend report . \nThe report is designed to help you discover the market's best income stocks and comes with no further obligation. \nJust click here to download the free report! \nRupert Hargreaves has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK has no position in any of the shares mentioned. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Vodafone Group Plc was 25.518245697021484 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Vodafone Group Plc was ",
 "expected": "24.990192413330078",
 "date": "2015-07-21",
 "ticker": "VOD",
 "company": "Vodafone Group Plc"
}