{
 "context": "The following article called 'SITO Mobile Lead Director Betsy Bernard Selected for NACD Directorship 100' was published on 2015-07-28. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTue, Jul 28, 2015, 11:44 PM AEST - Australia Markets closed SITO Mobile Lead Director Betsy Bernard Selected for NACD Directorship 100 Press Release : SITO Mobile, Ltd. \u2013 1 hour 14 minutes ago Recommend 0.369 0.000 JERSEY CITY, N.J., July 28, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- SITO Mobile Ltd. ( SITO ), a leading mobile engagement platform provider, announced today that Betsy Bernard, SITO Mobile's Lead Director, has been selected for the NACD Directorship 100. Ms. Bernard and other honorees will be recognized during the 2015 NACD Directorship 100 Awards Gala in New York City on December 2, 2015. \nThe National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD), a nonprofit membership organization for corporate board members, is the leading source of boardroom intelligence and corporate governance information for board directors of publicly listed companies. Each year the NACD magazine identifies the most influential people in the boardroom community, including directors, corporate governance experts, journalists, regulators and advisors. The NACD Directorship 100 recognizes those who participate in board work and influence how that work is done. \nBetsy Bernard is an accomplished executive, experienced public company Board Director and public speaker. As President and CEO of AT&T Consumer, she led more than 50,000 employees in a $27 billion business that served the needs of four million global business customers. For three consecutive years, Bernard appeared on Fortune Magazine's list of the \"50 Most Powerful Women in Business.\" In July of 2014, Ms. Bernard was elected as Lead Director on SITO Mobile's Board of Directors. \nMs. Bernard's significant board experience spans more than a decade and includes United Technologies, Principal Financial Group and Zimmer Biomet Holdings. As Chair of Telular Corporation, with fellow SITO board member Joe Beatty as CEO, she helped deliver a five year total shareholder return of 350% before completing the sale of the Company to Avista Capital in June 2013. Ms. Bernard also serves on the Advisory Boards of GroTech Ventures, Innovate Partners, and The Silverfern Group. \nJerry Hug, CEO of SITO Mobile commented, \"We would like to congratulate Betsy on the well-deserved achievement. We at SITO can attest to her acumen and leadership skills and look forward to her continued contribution to the SITO Board in her role as lead director.\" \nAbout NACD \nThe National Association of Corporate Directors is the recognized authority focused on advancing exemplary board leadership and establishing leading boardroom practices. Informed by more than 35 years of experience, NACD delivers insights and resources that more than 16,000 corporate director members rely upon to make sound strategic decisions and confidently confront complex business challenges. NACD provides world-class director education programs, national peer exchange forums, and proprietary research to promote director professionalism, ultimately enhancing the economic sustainability of the enterprise and bolstering stakeholder confidence. Fostering collaboration among directors, investors, and governance stakeholders, NACD is shaping the future of board leadership. \nAbout SITO Mobile Ltd. \nSITO Mobile provides a mobile engagement platform that enables brands to increase awareness, loyalty and ultimately sales. For more information visit www.sitomobile.com . \nForward-Looking Statements \nThis press release contains \"forward-looking statements\" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, our reliance on brand owners and wireless carriers, the possible need for additional capital as well other risks identified in our filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this press release is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Contact:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of ABB Ltd was 15.776347160339355 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of ABB Ltd was ",
 "expected": "15.98477554321289",
 "date": "2015-07-28",
 "ticker": "ABB",
 "company": "ABB Ltd"
}