{
 "context": "The following article called 'Citigroup Inc. Announces Offer to Purchase Seven Series of Outstanding Notes' was published on 2015-07-28. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCitigroup Inc. Announces Offer to Purchase Seven Series of Outstanding Notes Citigroup Inc. 14 minutes ago \ue071 Done \nNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- \nCitigroup Inc. (\u201c Citigroup \u201d) today announced the commencement of offers to purchase for cash (i) any and all of its notes of the series set forth in the first table below, under the heading \u201cAny and All Notes,\u201d (the \u201c Any and All Notes \u201d) and (ii) certain of its notes of the series set forth in the second table below, under the heading \u201cMaximum Tender Notes,\u201d (the \u201c Maximum Tender Notes \u201d) up to an aggregate principal amount with respect to each series of Maximum Tender Notes as set forth in the second table below (each, a \u201c Maximum Series Tender Cap \u201d) (all such notes in the first and second table collectively, the \u201c Notes \u201d and each a \u201c series \u201d of Notes). The offer to purchase each series of Notes is referred to as an \u201c Offer \u201d and all such offers are referred to collectively as the \u201c Offers .\u201d We refer to our offer to purchase each series of Any and All Notes as an \u201c Any and All Offer \u201d (and all such offers collectively as the \u201c Any and All Offers \u201d) and the offer to purchase each series of Maximum Tender Notes as a \u201c Maximum Tender Offer \u201d (and all such offers collectively as the \u201c Maximum Tender Offers \u201d). The Notes had an aggregate principal amount outstanding of approximately U.S. $3.23 billion as of July 24, 2015. \nThese Offers, currently totaling up to approximately U.S. $3.23 billion aggregate principal amount of the Notes, are consistent with Citigroup\u2019s liability management strategy, and reflect its ongoing efforts to enhance the efficiency of its funding and capital structure. Since 2013, Citigroup redeemed or retired U.S. $28.1 billion of securities, excluding exchanged securities, of which U.S. $6.0 billion was redeemed or retired in 2015, reducing Citigroup\u2019s overall funding costs. Citigroup will continue to consider opportunities to redeem or repurchase securities, based on several factors, including without limitation, the economic value, potential impact on Citigroup's net interest margin and borrowing costs, the overall remaining tenor of Citigroup's debt portfolio, capital impact, as well as overall market conditions. \nAny and All Notes 185 bps \nThe Offers are being made pursuant to the offer to purchase, dated July 27, 2015 (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the \u201c Offer to Purchase \u201d), and the related letters of transmittal (as they may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the \u201c Letters of Transmittal \u201d) which set forth in more detail the terms and conditions of the Offers. All references to \u201cUS$\u201d or \u201c $ \u201d refer to U.S. dollars and \u201c C$ \u201d refer to Canadian dollars. \nThe Offers will expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on August 21, 2015, unless extended or earlier terminated (such date and time, as the same may be extended with respect to each Offer, the \u201c Expiration Date \u201d). \nSubject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the Letters of Transmittal, Holders of Notes that are validly tendered on or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on August 7, 2015, unless extended (such date and time with respect to an Offer, as the same may be extended with respect to such Offer, the \u201c Early Tender Date \u201d) and accepted for purchase shall be entitled to receive the total consideration calculated in the manner set forth in the Offer to Purchase (the \u201c Total Consideration \u201d), which includes the applicable early tender premium in the amount indicated in the table above (the \u201c Early Tender Premium \u201d). The Total Consideration with respect to each series of Notes will be equal to the price, determined in accordance with standard market practice, as described in the Offer to Purchase, that equates to a yield to maturity equal to the applicable fixed spread specified for each such series of Notes over the applicable reference yield, which shall be based on the bid-side price of the applicable U.S. Treasury Security or Canadian Government Security (specified under the heading \u201cReference Security\u201d in each of the above tables) at 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on August 10, 2015 (subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, such time and date, as the same may be extended with respect to such Offer, the \u201c Price Determination Date \u201d). \nSubject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, holders of a series of Notes that are validly tendered after the Early Tender Date but on or before the Expiration Date and accepted for purchase will receive only the applicable tender offer consideration, which is equal to the Total Consideration applicable to that series of Notes minus the applicable Early Tender Premium (the \u201c Tender Offer Consideration \u201d). \nNotes tendered may be withdrawn at any time prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on August 7, 2015, unless extended (such date and time with respect to an Offer, as the same may be extended with respect to such Offer, the \u201c Withdrawal Date \u201d), but not thereafter. \nSubject to the terms and conditions of the Offers, Citigroup is offering to purchase any and all of its Any and All Notes validly tendered pursuant to an Any and All Offer. \nSubject to the terms and conditions of the Offers, Citigroup is offering to purchase an aggregate principal amount of each series of its Maximum Tender Notes up to the amount of the applicable Maximum Series Tender Cap set forth in the second table above. If the aggregate principal amount of Maximum Tender Notes of any series validly tendered in a Maximum Tender Offer exceeds the amount of the Maximum Series Tender Cap for such series, then, subject to the terms and conditions of the Offers, Citigroup will accept tendered Maximum Tender Notes of such series on a pro rata basis as described in the Offer to Purchase. \nCitigroup reserves the right, but is under no obligation, at any point following the Early Tender Date and before the Expiration Date, to accept for purchase and purchase any Notes of a series tendered and not subsequently withdrawn at or prior to the Early Tender Date (the settlement date for any such purchase, the \u201c Early Settlement Date \u201d) subject to, in the case of a series of Maximum Tender Notes, the Maximum Series Tender Cap for that series. The Early Settlement Date will be determined at Citigroup\u2019s option and is currently expected to be August 12, 2015, subject to all conditions of the Offers having been either satisfied or waived by Citigroup. \nIf a Maximum Tender Offer is fully subscribed up to the amount of the Maximum Series Tender Cap for that series of Maximum Tender Notes as of the Early Tender Date, then any Maximum Tender Notes of that series that are validly tendered after the Early Tender Date will not be accepted for purchase. A Maximum Tender Offer for a series of Maximum Tender Notes that is subscribed over the amount of the Maximum Series Tender Cap for that series as of the Early Tender Date will be subject to proration. If a Maximum Tender Offer for a series of Maximum Tender Notes is not fully subscribed up to the amount of the Maximum Series Tender Cap for that series as of the Early Tender Date and is fully subscribed up to the amount of the Maximum Series Tender Cap for that series as of the Expiration Date, additional Maximum Tender Notes of that series will be accepted for purchase up to the amount of the Maximum Series Tender Cap, subject to possible proration (if subscribed over the amount of the Maximum Series Tender Cap) and subject to all conditions to the Offers having been either satisfied or waived by Citigroup. \nIrrespective of whether Citigroup elects to have an Early Settlement Date, Citigroup will purchase any remaining Notes that have been validly tendered on or prior to the Expiration Date and that Citigroup chooses to accept for purchase, subject to all conditions to the Offers having been either satisfied or waived by Citigroup, promptly following the Expiration Date (the settlement date for any such purchase, the \u201c Settlement Date \u201d). Payment for purchased Notes will include accrued and unpaid interest from, and including, the last interest payment date for the Notes up to, but not including the Early Settlement Date or Settlement Date, as applicable. \nSubject to applicable law, Citigroup may increase the Maximum Series Tender Cap for one or more series of Maximum Tender Notes at any time prior to the Settlement Date. Such increase need not be made equally or on a pro rata basis among the Maximum Series Tender Caps for all series of Maximum Tender Notes. \nThe obligation of Citigroup to accept for purchase, and to pay for, Notes validly tendered pursuant to the Offers is subject to, and conditional upon, the satisfaction or, where applicable, waiver of a number of conditions described in the Offer to Purchase, including in the case of the Maximum Tender Notes, the condition that Holders validly tender an aggregate principal amount of each series of Maximum Tender Notes greater than or equal to the amount of the Maximum Series Tender Cap applicable to each such series of Maximum Tender Notes (the \u201c Minimum Tender Condition \u201d). Citigroup reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to waive any one or more of the conditions, including the Minimum Tender Condition, at any time. \nCitigroup has retained its affiliate Citigroup Global Markets Inc. to serve as the sole dealer manager for the Offers. Global Bondholder Services Corporation has been retained to serve as the depositary and information agent in connection with the Offers for Notes denominated in U.S. dollars. Kingsdale Shareholder Services has been retained to serve as the depositary and information agent in connection with the Offer for Notes denominated in Canadian dollars. \nFor additional information regarding the terms of the Offers, please contact Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at either (800) 558-3745 (toll free) or (212) 723-6106. Requests for copies of the Offer to Purchase and the applicable Letter of Transmittal and questions regarding the tender of Notes may be directed to: \n(i) for Notes denominated in U.S. dollars, Global Bondholder Services Corporation at (866) 470-4300 (toll free) or (212) 430-3774 (collect); and \n(ii) for Notes denominated in Canadian dollars, Kingsdale Shareholder Services at (888) 518-1557 (toll free) or (416) 867-2272 (collect). \nNone of Citigroup, its boards of directors, the dealer manager, the depositories or the information agents makes any recommendation as to whether any holder of the Notes should tender or refrain from tendering all or any portion of the principal amount of the Notes. \nThis press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation to buy any of these Notes nor is it a solicitation for acceptance of any of the Offers. Citigroup is making the Offers only by, and pursuant to the terms of, the Offer to Purchase and the related Letters of Transmittal. The Offers are not being made to (nor will tenders of Notes be accepted from or on behalf of) holders of Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities, blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase and, where applicable, the related Letters of Transmittal. \nUnited Kingdom. The communication of the Offer to Purchase and any other documents or materials relating to the Offers is not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly, such documents and/or materials are not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the \u201c Order \u201d) or within Article 43(2) of the Order, or to other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated in accordance with the Order. \nCitigroup, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Additional information may be found at www.citigroup.com . \nCertain statements in this release, including without limitation the anticipated consummation and successful completion of the Offers (including the satisfaction of the conditions described in the Offer to Purchase), the possible amendment, extension or abandonment of one or more of the Offers, and Citigroup\u2019s successful execution of its liability management strategy, are \u201c forward-looking statements \u201d within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian securities law. These statements are based on management\u2019s current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from those included in these statements due to a variety of factors, including without limitation (i) the level of participation in the Offers, and (ii) the precautionary statements included in this release and those contained in Citigroup\u2019s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable Canadian securities regulators, including without limitation the \u201cRisk Factors\u201d section of Citigroup\u2019s 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150727006390/en/ Citigroup\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was 50.13691711425781 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Citigroup, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "50.967342376708984",
 "date": "2015-07-28",
 "ticker": "C",
 "company": "Citigroup, Inc."
}