{
 "context": "The following article called 'Hilton HHonors Triple Your Trip Promotion Returns Offering Members Three Times the Value' was published on 2015-08-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFriday, August 21, 2015 11:00AM IST (5:30AM GMT) Hilton HHonors Triple Your Trip Promotion Returns Offering Members Three Times the Value Global promotion gives members Double Points during the week and Triple Points on weekends Mclean, Va., United States Hilton HHonors , the loyalty program for Hilton Worldwide\u2019s 12 distinct hotel brands, announced the return of Triple Your Trip. A member-favorite, the promotion allows guests who book directly through Hilton to earn Double Points Monday through Thursday nights and Triple Points on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights from September 1 \u2013 December 31, 2015 at all Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio - A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Embassy Suites Hotels, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton Hotels, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations properties. \u201cAll 4,440 of our hotels are participating in the Triple Your Trip promotion\u2013 something we know means a lot to our members,\u201d said Mark Weinstein, global head of loyalty and partnerships, Hilton Worldwide. \u201cWe\u2019re always listening to ensure our members feel like their feedback is heard and influences important program decisions like bringing back favorite promotions, launching Digital Key and providing offerings like free Wi-Fi for those who book directly with us.\u201d In addition to being able to earn Bonus Points from Triple Your Trip , when guests book directly through Hilton (Hilton.com, the HHonors app, reservations call center or our corporate travel partners), they receive benefits that are not available through third-party sites, like Hilton\u2019s Best Price Guarantee , HHonors Points, free Wi-Fi and more. To participate in Triple Your Trip , members must register at HHonors.com/Triple before checking out from an eligible stay. For more information or to become a Hilton HHonors member, visit HHonors.com . About Hilton Worldwide Hilton Worldwide (NYSE: HLT) is a leading global hospitality company, spanning the lodging sector from luxury and full-service hotels and resorts to extended-stay suites and focused-service hotels. For 96 years, Hilton Worldwide has been dedicated to continuing its tradition of providing exceptional guest experiences. The company's portfolio of twelve world-class global brands is comprised of more than 4,440 managed, franchised, owned and leased hotels and timeshare properties, with more than 730,000 rooms in 97 countries and territories, including Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio \u2013 A Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The company also manages an award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton HHonors\u00ae. Hilton HHonors members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to benefits including free standard Wi-Fi, as well as digital amenities that are available exclusively through the industry-leading Hilton HHonors app, where HHonors members can check-in, choose their room, and access their room using a Digital Key. Visit news.hiltonworldwide.com for more information and connect with Hilton Worldwide at facebook.com/hiltonworldwide , twitter.com/hiltonworldwide , youtube.com/hiltonworldwide , flickr.com/hiltonworldwide , and linkedin.com/company/hilton-worldwide . About Hilton HHonors Hilton HHonors is the award-recognized guest-loyalty program for Hilton Worldwide\u2019s 12 distinct hotel brands, spanning more than 4,440 hotels, resorts and timeshare properties across 97 countries and territories. This year, J.D. Power awarded Hilton HHonors as \u201cHighest in Customer Satisfaction with Hotel Loyalty/Rewards Programs in a Tie\u201d. Hilton HHonors members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to benefits including free standard Wi-Fi, as well as digital amenities that are available exclusively through the industry-leading Hilton HHonors mobile app , where HHonors members can check-in, choose their room, and access their room using a Digital Key. With 46 million members, HHonors offers hundreds of ways to earn and redeem Points. Members can redeem their Points for free nights, premium merchandise, charitable contributions, or unique events through the HHonors auction platform (hhonors.com/auctions) , such as exclusive artist experiences and hotel concert events with Live Nation\u00ae or a race experience with the McLaren-Honda Formula 1 team. There is no cost to join, and travelers may enroll online by visiting www.HiltonHHonors.com or connect with Hilton HHonors at news.hiltonhhonors.com .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. was 49.1753044128418 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. was ",
 "expected": "46.692901611328125",
 "date": "2015-08-21",
 "ticker": "HLT",
 "company": "Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc."
}