{
 "context": "The following article called 'SGX Nifty Is One of the Best Derivatives Exchanges (Nifty Dowjones)' was published on 2015-08-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Nifty Dowjones Aug 3, 2015 SGX is an abbreviated term that stands for Singapore Stock Exchange located at Shenton Way, Singapore. SGX was formed as a joint venture between S&P nifty and Singapore Exchange in 1999. SGX Nifty moves as per Indian stock exchange (NSE).Currently, NSE has given a license to SGX only for Nifty futures.India and Singapore lie in the same continent and both the countries are inter-dependant on each other economically, Nifty directly relates to SGX. If Indian Nifty goes down, it reflects in the SGX and SGX also comes goes. Similarly, when Indian Nifty is up, SGX also goes up. SGX Nifty opens at 8.00 am Indian standard time (IST) on all working days and mostly it becomes initial direction to the Indian Market. SGX is nothing but the Nifty Indian traded in Singapore Exchange. In Asian context, one of the most popular derivative products is the SGX NIFTY as it allows FII to take positions in the Indian market. The Singapore NIFTY is futures product where the underlying is the NIFTY Index from NSE and SGX derivative nifty settled on daily basis. One big difference between NSE andSGX is margin. In SGX, margin is lower than NSE. SGX takes pride in its more than 750 listings out of which approximately 450 are domestic and the rest are foreign. Singapore Stock Exchange has a market capitalization of more than SGD 904 billion. It allows securities' dealings in both SGD and USD currencies. SGX lists Indices such as S&P CNX Nifty Index, SGX Nikkei 225, SGX Straits Times Index, SGX MSCI Japan Index, SGX MSCI Asia Apex 50 Index, MSCI Singapore Free Index, MSCI Taiwan Index, MSCI Indonesia Index, FTSE/XINHUA China A50, EuroYen Index, SGX Fuel Oil 380CST Index, etc. Singapore Stock Exchange works in partnership with major exchange markets of the world. It offers an array of investment services related to settlement, depository, trading and clearing. SGX acts as the central clearing house of Asia with a large client base in countries like India, China, Japan, Taiwan and Indonesia. Over the past few years, SGX has evolved as a complete, full-service stock exchange which is at par with global exchanges. It provides updated technology tools to all its investors so that investors stay updated on global market trends. Its online filters and qualifiers enable clients to pick up winning stocks. There are no second thoughts on why SGX has been selected as the 'Derivatives Exchange of the Year' not one but number of times. About the Author I am author of this article. I have 5 Yrs. Experience in article writing on various Stock Exchange related topics such as live dow jones industrial average, sgx nifty , dow futures etc. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Akari Therapeutics Plc was 5.699999809265137 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Akari Therapeutics Plc was ",
 "expected": "5.539999961853027",
 "date": "2015-08-03",
 "ticker": "AKTX",
 "company": "Akari Therapeutics Plc"
}