{
 "context": "The following article called 'Strong macros, stable Rupee make external commercial borrowings cheaper for Indian firms' was published on 2015-10-02. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nStrong macros, stable Rupee make external commercial borrowings cheaper for Indian firms By Gayatri Nayak , ET Bureau | 2 Oct, 2015, 03.22AM IST The cost of borrowing in overseas markets for Indian companies has fallen to more than two-year lows as international investors look at India positively among emerging market economies. Editor's Pick   Mumbai: The cost of borrowing in overseas markets for Indian companies has fallen to more than two-year lows as international investors look at India positively among emerging market economies, which are in general facing headwinds on macro economy. Low cost of funds could well be to the advantage of Indian companies as the Reserve Bank of India eased norms on such loans from overseas where it allowed even Real Estate Investment Trusts to raise funds. This could also be a boost for the Indian Rupee. \"Investor (lender) confidence in India's macros has gone up. With Fed still keeping the rates low has made such borrowings attractive,\" said SK Ghosh, chief economic advisor, State Bank of India. \"Besides, the stability of the rupee then also added to the interest in exposure to India by lenders.\" The spreads or margins for external commercial borrowings over six month Libor (London inter-bank offered rate) have remained below 2% since February this year, data from RBI shows. These spreads touched a high of 4.24% in February 2012 compared to precrisis spreads of less than 1% when global liquidity was abundant. The spreads on ECB reflect the lenders perception of the borrowers' credit worthiness as well as the economic outlook. Higher the spread, higher the risk of a company not fulfilling its repayment commitments. Currently the Reserve Bank allows Indian firms to borrow up to three percentage points above Libor for loans up to four years. If hedging cost of around 7% is factored in to the six month Libor rate of around 0.12%, borrowing from overseas markets works out to be cheaper at around 9% compared to borrowing from local banks which still could cost 9.25%. But the absolute amount of funds raised remained lower than a year earlier, reflecting the slow recovery. Despite cheaper cost of funds, Indian firms sought approvals for loans worth only $8. 2 billion compared to $10.3 billion approved in the same period a year ago. At a time when the Indian currency is weak against the dollar, borrowing translates into higher rupee proceeds.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 134.74114990234375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "139.5922088623047",
 "date": "2015-10-02",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}