{
 "context": "The following article called 'Eastlink Selects ARRIS ServAssure\u2122 Alarm Central SaaS to Proactively Improve Subscriber Experience' was published on 2015-10-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nARRIS Group , Inc . (NASDAQ: ARRS) today announced that Eastlink selected ARRIS ServAssure\u2122 Alarm Central Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) to automate its process for identifying, prioritizing, and resolving potential service impairments\u2014improving its broadband subscriber experience. \nAlarm Central will provide Eastlink with end-to-end visibility into the service delivery chain, across the HFC network to improve the customer experience. Eastlink can then address network and customer service issues proactively\u2014resolving potential problems before they occur and reducing mean-time-to-repair (MTTR) or the average time required to repair a compromised component. As a result, Eastlink subscribers will enjoy fewer visible service interruptions and quicker issue resolution. \n'ARRIS ServAssure Alarm Central will enable Eastlink to take a more proactive approach to detecting plant issues and to resolving network issues quickly,' said Jim Fitzgerald , Senior Vice President, Engineering and CTO at Eastlink. 'We're working with ARRIS to ensure that our customers continue to experience the great service they have come to expect from us.' \n'Our ServAssure platform combines proven software and analytics with our expertise in video and broadband delivery to help leading service providers predict and prevent service interruptions,' said Bryant Isaacs , GM, Assurance Solutions at ARRIS. 'We look forward to working with Eastlink to continue improving the quality of experience for its subscribers all across Canada\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was 23.63823127746582 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Alcoa Inc. was ",
 "expected": "22.860506057739258",
 "date": "2015-10-14",
 "ticker": "AA",
 "company": "Alcoa Inc."
}