{
 "context": "The following article called 'i-Global Hong Kong Office Grand Opening (Hong Kong, Wednesday 19 August 2015)' was published on 2015-08-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nEmail This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed i-Global Hong Kong Office Grand Opening (Hong Kong, Wednesday 19 August 2015) On 19th August 2015, i-Global Group of Companies (\"i-Global Group\") witness the grand opening of their head office in Hong Kong. i-Global Asia Trust - a comprehensive Investment, Saving & Retirement Pension Trust Program by i-Global Group and administered by Orangefield Trust, a Singapore MAS Regulated Trust Business Holder HONG KONG, August 21,   On 19th August 2015, i-Global Group of Companies (\"i-Global Group\") witness the grand opening of their head office in Hong Kong. The new home of i-Global is located at the China Merchants Tower - Shun Tak Centre, situated at the upscale central business district of Sheung Wan, and is strategically located in the heart of business centre of the dynamic Hong Kong. The office tower sits right above the Sheung Wan MTR station and at 17th floor, i-Global clients will be able to enjoy the charming panoramic view of the famous Victoria harbour. The Hong Kong-China-Macau transportation mega hub is literally at the doorsteps and the office conveniently caters to both Hong Kong and Mainland Clients. The grand opening commenced at the auspicious time of 1100hrs and was graced by business partners, professionals as well as the general public. i-Global legal counsel Mr. Matthew Egerton-Warburton representing Withers Worldwide (Hong Kong), Orangefield Group Asia Pacific Managing Director Mr. Vincent Bremmer and Managing Director of Orangefield Trust (Singapore) Ms. Caroline Baker graced the opening. The Chief Executive Officer of i-Global Group, Mr. Bernard Wong expressed his heartfelt gratitude to the i-Global Team, as well as thanking all channel partners in garnering strong public interest for the company. With i-Global Asia Trust investment-linked deposit (\"i-Global Asia Trust\"), Mr. Wong look forward to strive for greater success and reach higher achievement. Meanwhile, Ms. Caroline Baker, the Managing Director of Orangefield Trust (Singapore) Pte. Ltd (\"Orangefield Trust Singapore\") also expressed her well wishes. As the Trustee of i-Global Asia Trust, she is very happy to work with and looks forward to administer and provide a secure environment for i-Global Trust to operate the trust under. i-Global Group had launched their flagship i-Global Asia trust on 27th July 2015. The product launch ceremony, held at Mandarin Orchard Hotel witnessed the official collaboration between i-Global Group and Orangefield Trust Singapore. On 30th April 2015 earlier this year, i-Global Group had also held an important ceremony in Hong Kong World Trade Centre, whereby the company signed strategic cooperation agreement with partners from Shanghai, Henan, Hong Kong, Canada and Malaysia. i-Global Asia Trust consists of investment, retirement pension, tax planning and wealth inheritance, providing global clients with an all-in-one investment tool under trust administration. Along with the office grand opening, i-Global Group is confident that i-Global Asia Trust marks the advent of a new era in financial investment. Along with the strict investment risk management controls practised in-house, i-Global is committed to clients' needs and constantly innovating to allow i-Global to stay afloat in the highly competitive fund market.i-Global Group prides herself as boutique fund house in providing investors with the straight-forward market investment channels to global equities, foreign exchange, IPOs and major asset class. As the Trust Advisor and Investment Manager of i-Global Asia Trust, i-Global eliminates the need of multiple investment platforms - giving both professional and novice investors an all-in-one investment designation. Our strong client focus, disciplined investment processes and dedication to innovation have established i-Global in the ever competitive fund market. For enquiries, please contact our media correspondents: Singapore :: Mr Chris Chua :: +65 9740 2912 :: chris@iGlobalTrust.com Hong Kong :: Ms Debbie Wong :: +852 9729 3399 :: debbie@iGlobalTrust.com # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Orange was 11.080222129821777 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Orange was ",
 "expected": "10.671435356140137",
 "date": "2015-08-21",
 "ticker": "ORAN",
 "company": "Orange"
}