{
 "context": "The following article called 'Garrett Knight Associates Says Jobs Data Reignites September Rate Hike Talk (Emery Fine)' was published on 2015-08-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Emery Fine Aug 22, 2015 According to Garrett Knight Associates, the US Labor Department's nonfarm payrolls data has sparked renewed speculation on the timing for an increase in US interest rates after coming in largely in line with expectations.The US economy created 215,000 jobs in July leaving the official unemployment rate and the labor participation rate unchanged at 5.3% with at 62.6% respectively. Wage growth ticked up by a lackluster 0.2%. Markets greeted the data with relative indifference with the dollar weakening slightly across the board and the Dow Jones Industrial Average ending the day flat.\"We don't believe the Fed is going to raise interest rates in September,\" said Yuri Abe, senior economist with Garrett Knight Associates. \"They have less reason to do so now than they did at the beginning of 2015 when economic growth had a better aggregate read than it does now. The recovery is running on the fumes of the last round of quantitative easing and that's being reflected in the data.\"The July data showed little sign of deviating from the composition trends that have become hallmarks of the jobs recovery in the United States showing a marked bias towards temporary, part time roles in service-oriented sectors like retail and healthcare.\"There is an abundance of anecdotal evidence which suggests that many Americans are having to hold 2 or 3 part-time jobs in order to make ends meet and this is at the heart of the Fed's apparent reluctance to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade,\" added Abe. Garrett Knight Associates says it is acquiring precious metals in anticipation of gradual change in the prevailing narrative which points to an extension of dollar strength. About Garrett Knight AssociatesGarrett Knight Associates is a highly specialised international investment management firm. With over a decade's worth of experience in providing our clients with discretionary and advisory portfolio services for private investors, trusts, pension schemes and high net worth investors, we use an expansive array of carefully selected investment products to maintain healthy growth targets.The main pillar of our investment ethos and the issue that separates us from other companies offering investment management services is our commitment to employee excellence, providing you with the highest level of personalised services. All of our staff listen very carefully to our clients' investment aims, with particular attention being paid to their preferences and interests. About the Author\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 145.03688049316406 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "134.83975219726562",
 "date": "2015-08-22",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}