{
 "context": "The following article called 'Flint Capital Announces Investment in Socure' was published on 2015-08-26. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nLearning & Support Flint Capital Announces Investment in Socure In Its Third Major US Investment, Fund Joins $2.5 Million Round to Finance New York-Based Anti-Fraud Software Company August 26, 2015 08:28 ET | Source: Socure \nNEW YORK, Aug. 26, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Flint Capital, an international venture capital fund investing across US, Israel and Europe, today announced an investment in Socure, an emerging industry leader focused on real-time online identity verification solutions. The fund has joined the round totaling $2.5M; further details were not disclosed. \nTo date, Socure has attracted more than seven million dollars of investment capital, from ff Venture Capital (New York), Two Sigma Ventures (New York), Founder Collective (Cambridge, MA), and others. Socure counts Top-tier banks, remittance and payments companies, card networks, lenders, merchants and credit bureaus across 32 countries among its clients. Click to share this news via Twitter: http://ctt.ec/LIHkl \nSocure has developed and patented its Social Biometrics\u2122 platform. Delivered as an online service, Social Biometrics is used by businesses to verify, in real time, that people are who they say they are, using social networks and other trusted online resources to prevent financial fraud and enable inclusion for billions of people worldwide. \n\"Socure is pioneering identity verification with its Social Biometrics platform, which helps financial institutions to combat fraud globally,\u201d said Sergey Gribov, partner at Flint Capital. \u201cSocure excels where current identity verification solutions fall short, enabling verification for people who don\u2019t have a credit history. This is an even bigger market outside of the US, where credit systems don\u2019t exist at all. Flint Capital is planning to help the company with our international connections and expertise.\u201d \nThe market for online identity verification is estimated to be $11 billion, with vertical industries such as insurance, healthcare, banking, lending, e-commerce, gaming and telecommunications seen as primary adopters of the technology. Key trends enabling this uptake include \u2018Bring Your Own Device\u2019 (BYOD) and the \u2018Internet of Things\u2019 (IoT). \nSocure is Flint Capital\u2019s third investment in the United States. After becoming one of the most active foreign funds investing in Israel, the firm opened a US office in Boston, Massachusetts in April. \nAbout Flint Capital \nFlint Capital ( www.flintcap.com ) is a $100 million international investment fund with offices in the USA (Boston and Palo Alto), Israel and Europe. It was founded in 2013 to support the best entrepreneurs, wherever they are. Flint is a multi-stage venture fund, which focuses on investments in mobile, SaaS, Advertisement, Financial as well as Security and Enterprise sectors of high technology. \nAbout Socure \nSocure ( www.socure.com ) is the leader in real-time online identity verification solutions. Its cloud-based solution allows enterprises to reduce third party identity and synthetic fraud, increase the acceptance of valuable customers and reduce the cost of compliance/manual review. Socure was founded in 2012 and is based in New York City. Press Contacts: Daria Golikova Director of Communications, Flint Capital dgolikova@flintcap.com Michael Hiskey VP of Marketing, Socure press@socure.com Related Articles\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Fidus Investment Corporation was 6.908569812774658 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Fidus Investment Corporation was ",
 "expected": "7.364080905914307",
 "date": "2015-08-26",
 "ticker": "FDUS",
 "company": "Fidus Investment Corporation"
}