{
 "context": "The following article called 'Event Horizon Marketing Celebrate as Loans to Small Businesses in the US Resume' was published on 2015-09-05. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nEmail This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Event Horizon Marketing Celebrate as Loans to Small Businesses in the US Resume A new bill signed by U.S. President Barack Obama guarantees that loans for American small businesses resume. Event Horizon Marketing welcome this move as an encouragement for entrepreneurs to start their own business. TAMPA, FL, September 05,   In July 2015, Barack Obama signed into law a bill, raising the Small Business Administration's (SBA) biggest loan program. This will allow small businesses to receive loans backed by the federal government. James Higdon, Managing Director of direct marketing firm Event Horizon Marketing , says: \"This is fantastic news. Small businesses are the backbone of the U.S. economy. With this new loan program the government encourages entrepreneurs to start their own company and invest in improving current equipment.\" Many start-up projects depend on the relevant funding in order to hit the ground running. About Event Horizon Marketing: http://www.eventhorizonmarketing.org/about/ Loan approvals were put on hold when the SBA reached its annual limit for loan guarantees of $18.75 billion. After the introduction of the new bill by the government, the lending limit increases to $23.5 billion. \"With the bill's signing, the SBA resumed loan approvals,\" explains SBA spokesman Terry Sutherland. James Higdon of Event Horizon Marketing says: \"More and more people have the courage and enthusiasm to open up their own business. In the long-run, if support can be offered to entrepreneurs today, the U.S. economy shall grow and prosper over the coming years.\" James Higdon explains that with increased support and the provision of funding more business owners are prepared to take risks compared to the time of the recession. Event Horizon Marketing are an outsourced sales and marketing company based in Tampa, Florida. The firm runs direct marketing campaigns on behalf of their clients and is currently planning to expand into further U.S. markets by the end of 2015. Being an entrepreneur himself, business owner James Higdon wants to encourage like-minded individuals who want to run their own business. Event Horizon Marketing are strong supporters of entrepreneurship and about their business development training program that provides entrepreneurs with the relevant guidance and skills they need in order to run a successful business. The program focuses on leadership, sales and marketing, campaign management, communication, networking, time management, finance and human resources. \"It takes on average seven to twelve months to complete the program,\" explains James Higdon of Event Horizon Marketing. \"After this, participants are ready to open up their own business.\" The program helps them build the relevant foundation and build a network with other entrepreneurs. Source: http://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/sba-resumes-loans-small ... ed-n399851 Event Horizon Marketing is an outsourced sales and marketing firm based in Florida. The firm designs and implements personalized direct marketing campaigns on behalf of their clients' brands. The firm connects with consumers face-to-face in order to create long-lasting and personal relationships between brand and consumer. This often leads to increased customer acquisition, brand awareness and brand loyalty. Find out more by following @Event_HorizonFL on Twitter, or by liking them on Facebook . # # #\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of WesBanco, Inc. was 24.594932556152344 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of WesBanco, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "24.963287353515625",
 "date": "2015-09-05",
 "ticker": "WSBC",
 "company": "WesBanco, Inc."
}