{
 "context": "The following article called 'Life Insurance Council gets executive council' was published on 2015-07-31. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  Life Insurance Council gets executive council Three private insurers' representatives including Reliance Life, Bharti AXA Life, PNB Metlife elected; LIC head to become chairperson Life Insurance Council has got its first executive committee elected today Life Insurance Council has got its first executive committee elected today. The executive committee (EC) will have one representative from Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and the other three representatives from Reliance Life Insurance, Bharti AXA Life Insurance and PNB Metlife Insurance. LIC chairman S K Roy is to become the chairperson of the committee. V Manickam, secretary general of Life Insurance Council said that these members were elected by ballot voting. He explained that Sandeep Ghosh, MD & CEO of Bharti AXA Life was elected in the first round, Tarun Chugh, MD & CEO of PNB Metlife was elected in the second round and Anup Rau, CEO of Reliance Life was elected in the third round. \"The executive committee will comprise of nine members, four of whom have been elected, four other members will be nominated by the regulator. One other member will be from a self help group,\" he said. LIC has been unanimously selected as permanent representative due to its sheer size and volume of business), The four members nominated by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) will be representative from four fields including one from agency, one from policyholders, one from intermediary and one eminent personality. Manickam added that these members are expected to be nominated by middle of August 2015. It was earlier decided that Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) members will no longer will be there on the Life Insurance Council executive team. The newly formed Life Insurance Council which will work on the lines of Indian Banks' Association (IBA) was to have four members with one permanent members from Till now, the council was been lead by D D Singh, Member ( Distribution), IRDAI apart from V Jayanth Kumar, Joint Director (Life). V Manickam is the Secretary General of the Life Insurance Council. In the future, the chairperson of the Council will be an industry official, which will be the LIC chairman. The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act that has been passed by the Parliament has said that it will be lawful for any member of the Life Insurance Council to authorise any of its officer to act as the representative of such member at any meeting of the Council concerned. As per the revised Insurance Act, the executive committee of the Life Insurance Council would consist of the following persons, namely four representatives of members of the Life Insurance Council elected in their individual capacity by the members. The council will have bye-laws to decide on this election. The council will also have one representative each from self-help groups and Insurance Co-operative Societies. The council will also have one of the representatives elected by members as the Chairperson of the Executive Committee of the Life Insurance Council. The objective of the council is to create a positive image of the industry and enhancing consumer confidence. It is also entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining high standards of ethics and governance and promoting awareness of the role and benefits of life insurance. The council is a body of insurers and organises structured and pro-active discussions with government, lawmakers and regulators on issues plaguing the industry. It also conducts research in life insurance, publish monographs and contribute to development of the sector.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Ecopetrol S.A. was 8.956368446350098 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Ecopetrol S.A. was ",
 "expected": "8.367650985717773",
 "date": "2015-07-31",
 "ticker": "EC",
 "company": "Ecopetrol S.A."
}