{
 "context": "The following article called 'Spurned by GM, Fiat Chrysler May Raise Cash by Selling Magneti Marelli Unit' was published on 2015-07-20. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nReprint \nNEW YORK ( TheStreet ) -- Spurned by General Motors ( GM - Get Report ) , Fiat Chrysler Automobiles ( FCAU ) may decide to get smaller and raise cash rather than seek to merge with another automaker by selling Magneti Marelli, its Italy-based auto parts subsidiary. \nA report from Europe, citing three sources, said at least two U.S.-based private-equity companies wish to join with other parts suppliers to buy the company from FCA. Such a deal could generate $3.3 billion for the automaker, whose main headquarters is in Auburn Hills, Mich. An FCA spokesman said Monday morning that the parts subsidiary isn't for sale. \nOne offer of $2.7 billion in June was refused as too low, the report said, citing an unnamed source, adding the automaker wouldn't sell for less than $3.3 billion. \nWith the company heavily in debt and selling fewer vehicles than Fiat CEO Sergio Marchionnehe considers necessary for financial stability, he has been publicly advocating for \"consolidation\" among automakers. Earlier this year, GM acknowledged that he had asked the automaker to open discussions. Mary Barra, GM's CEO, declined , while hiring Goldman Sachs ( GS ) to advise on FCA's approach. \nMust Read: 10 Stocks Carl Icahn Is Buying \nMagneti Marelli sells a variety of parts globally to many automakers. It has revenue of about 6.5 billion euros and employs about 38,000 workers. Consolidation among parts suppliers has trended strongly of late, with Magna International ( MGA ) announcing an agreement to buy German transmission manufacturer Getrag Group last Thursday for $2.7 billion; and BorgWarner ( BWA ) saying last week that it will purchase Remy International ( REMY ) for $1.2 billion. \nThe crux of Marchionne's argument for industry consolidation centers on the high cost of investment for advanced safety, environmental and regulatory technology, which makes it difficult to sustain profitably unless an automaker is able to sell at least 6 million to 7 million vehicles globally. FCA, in the midst of a five-year, $50 billion investment push, currently sells fewer than 5 million vehicles around the world under its Fiat, Chrysler, Dodge, Ram and Jeep brands, with Alfa Romeo under development as a worldwide luxury brand. \nSince the initial public offering of FCA shares in October 2014, the stock has increased 75% in price, compared with an 11% increase in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . \nSince Chrysler's bankruptcy in 2009, Marchionne has managed to stitch the U.S. automaker together with Fiat and steadily increase sales and earnings, winning kudos from analysts and others. Yet the industry's cyclicality -- demand is now weakening in China, for example -- suggests that Marchionne is looking down the road to ensure his company can withstand the next downturn. \nFCA could shed or consolidate its own brands to save money without giving up too much size. At least one automaker, Honda ( HMC ) , has proven that a moderately sized, efficiency-minded global player can maintain financial stability at roughly half the scale of Toyota ( TM ) , GM or Volkswagen -- with only two brands: Honda and Acura. (Honda also sells motorcycles and other products, though the North American car business dominates its results). This article is commentary by an independent contributor. At the time of publication, the author held no positions in the stocks mentioned. Check Out Our Best Services for Investors \nPortfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was 24.984067916870117 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was ",
 "expected": "24.77212905883789",
 "date": "2015-07-20",
 "ticker": "GM",
 "company": "General Motors Company"
}