{
 "context": "The following article called 'CBRE names new leader for Houston market' was published on 2015-08-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nCourtesy CBRE CBRE Group Inc. (NYSE: CBG) promoted Cody Armbrister to lead the commercial real estate\u2026 more CBRE Group Inc. (NYSE: CBG) promoted Cody Armbrister to lead the commercial real estate firm\u2019s Houston market as senior managing director. Armbrister, most recently an executive vice president, is taking over the Houston operations from John Holland , who was executive managing director . Holland still is considering his next move, the Houston Chronicle reports . In his new role, Armbrister will oversee CBRE\u2019s two Houston offices and more than 600 employees, and he will work closely with Mark Taylor , who will continue to lead investor services for the Houston market. He will be responsible for overseeing all lines of business, including brokerage, capital markets, property and facilities, management, valuation and project management. Over his career, Armbrister has completed more than 625 office leases, worth more than $2.75 billion combined, and has consistently been a top performer for CBRE in the Houston area. \u201cCody is a highly capable leader who has a deep understanding of our company and the needs of our clients in the Houston market,\u201d Michael Caffey , executive managing director for CBRE\u2019s Texas region, said in an Aug. 14 statement. \u201cAs he transitions from a producer role to one in leadership, his collaborative nature and ability to bring the right experts together will serve our professionals and clients well.\u201d Los Angeles-based CBRE is the largest Houston-area commercial real estate brokerage firm, based on its 119 local licensed professionals as of January, according to Houston Business Journal research. \nWant Houston Commercial Real Estate news in your inbox? Sign up for our free email newsletters.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Houston American Energy Corporation was 2.625 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Houston American Energy Corporation was ",
 "expected": "2.5",
 "date": "2015-08-17",
 "ticker": "HUSA",
 "company": "Houston American Energy Corporation"
}