{
 "context": "The following article called 'Fidelity National Info (FIS) Earnings Report: Q2 2015 Conference Call Transcript' was published on 2015-07-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMORE FIS NEWS (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I'll turn the conference over to Mr. Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, sir. Peter Gunnlaugsson (SVP): Thank you, John. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our second-quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a business summary. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the quarter. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at FISGlobal.com. Please turn to slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the FCC. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on slide 3, as well. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and the appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. With that, I will turn the call over to Gary to discuss the second quarter financial highlights on slide 5. Gary? Gary Norcross (President, CEO): Thank you Pete, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. Starting on slide 5, We finished the quarter with reported revenue of $1.6 billion, which is an increase of 3% on a constant-currency basis, and delivered adjusted earnings per share of $0.74, while returning $224 million to shareholders. Year-to-date, we have returned $447 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to invest for growth in order to consistently deliver shareholder returns, and generate significant re-occurring revenue. We saw strong deal closure in the quarter, and continued to drive long-term client relationships. We are pleased with the recent restructuring and re-segmentation of our business, which has allowed us to align our service and solution portfolio to address clients' unique business challenges. As we discussed in the first-quarter call, we continue to experience lower-than-expected termination fees in 2015. This is a positive long-term outcome. Our earnings per share for the second quarter were better than expected, and we remain on track with our current guidance for the year. Moving to slide 6, I will speak to our segment activity in the quarter. As a reminder, our two segments were created to meet the demands of two distinct markets, driven by different buying behaviors and growth profiles. These segments allow us to more effectively sell, deliver, and support the clients in these distinct markets. The Integrated Financial Solutions segment is comprised of US financial institutions seeking comprehensive, integrated, and out-sourced solutions. This segment drives high re-occurring revenue, generates significant cash flow, and drives higher margins with expansion through increased leverage. Our Global Financial Solutions segment is comprised of large global and international clients seeking tailored solutions, leveraging a combination of products, consulting, and professional services. This segment typically drives lower margin, and has a higher revenue growth profile. In the quarter, IFS had 89% of it revenue recurring. Deal closure in IFS was solid this quarter, with many new wins. FIS was chosen by Pacific Western bank, a $17-billion financial institution, to replace its retail and commercial banking platform, including core processing, commercial lending, consumer and business e-banking, digital, mobile, EFT, item processing, and branch technology. This decision was driven by the bank's desire to better position itself for future growth. 1 of 9\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. was 57.756710052490234 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "57.553855895996094",
 "date": "2015-07-27",
 "ticker": "FIS",
 "company": "Fidelity National Information Services, Inc."
}