{
 "context": "The following article called 'IBC HACKFEST - Media Convergence and the Future of Audiovisual Content Creation, Distribution, and Monetisation - #CanYouHackIt?' was published on 2015-09-04. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFriday, September 4, 2015 11:22AM IST (5:52AM GMT) IBC HACKFEST - Media Convergence and the Future of Audiovisual Content Creation, Distribution, and Monetisation - #CanYouHackIt? Amsterdam, Netherlands The first IBC Hackfest is slated to kick off at IBC2015 in the Netherlands from September 11-13, in the heart of the RAI venue in Hall 5. The event will run a full weekend with the theme of Media Convergence and the Future of Audiovisual Content Creation, Distribution, and Monetisation . Coders, developers, designers, entrepreneurs, hardware hackers, UX and UI specialists and others will come together and brainstorm over a couple of days to build out their ideas on the future of broadcasting. Partners include Twitter , Amazon , Monterosa , Genius Digital , Beatgrid Media and Streamzilla . Driven by the IBC project management team and the Hackitarians , the IBC Hackfest will offer thousands of euros in prizes, three days of hacking, livecoding contests, algorave-style performances by Alex McLean and other international audiovisual artists, two nights of accommodation at the venue and the opportunity to show work to some of Europe's top players in the broadcast community. \u201cHere at IBC we are always looking to bring innovation to the show floor amongst our many Feature Areas. We are particularly excited about the first ever Hackfest at IBC 2015 which will see the next generation of young industry experts pitch against each other in a bid to create something original and state of the art,\u201d said Mike Crimp, CEO of IBC. By tapping into API's and SDK's made available by technology companies currently, as well as scores of publicly available APIs, developers can work together with other participants to cultivate new ways of tackling old problems. Brainstorming together over the three days can of course also result in new friendships, new networks and most importantly, new products and services. \u201cWe are really thankful for our partners and IBC getting behind the concept of real time innovation and hacking to make this all possible,\u201d said Hackitarians founder Richard Kastelein. \u201cThis is not only a brilliant opportunity for IBC Hackfest participants to get their ideas and present them to a group of influential judges and win some serious cash, it\u2019s a great opportunity for our partners to reach out to a younger demographic of innovators and enhance their own developer communities as well as find new human resources for the future. The IBC Hackfest was created to help drive innovation in both the old and the new realm of broadcast entertainment. Slogan: IBC HACKFEST - Media Convergence and the Future of Audiovisual Content Creation, Distribution, and Monetisation Short description: The first IBC Hackfest is slated to kick off at IBC2015 in the Netherlands from August 11-13, in the heart of the RAI venue in Hall 5. The event will run a full weekend with the theme of Media Convergence and the Future of Audiovisual Content Creation, Distribution, and Monetisation. Coders, developers, designers, entrepreneurs, hardware hackers, UX and UI specialists and others come together and brainstorm over a couple of days to build out their ideas on the future of broadcasting. Why should you attend IBC Hackfest in Amsterdam, September 11-13th 2015? 1. The hackathon is held in the heart of the world's largest international broadcasting conference at the RAI in Amsterdam, the world's greatest party city! 2. A jury of top broadcast industry executives will be judging your work 3. There's over 5000 euro in cash prizes for Best Hack, Best Design and Best overall commercial concept. Plus prizes from our partners who will also set challenges! 4. Twitter, Amazon and other partners will have mentors and APIs available at the event. Hang with top developer evangelists from major technology companies 5. Free food, Free drinks, two free parties - one pre hackfest and one post hackfest 6. You can stay overnight at venue if you bring your own bedroll, pillow and blanket. Save on hotels! 7. There will be over 65,000 broadcast industry executives attending www.ibc.org - they will be watching you! We are using www.livecoding.tv to rebroadcast coding in real time to IBC via big TV screens and globally via the web. 8. Build cool stuff and meet new people. 9. There will be technology teams and scouts from major broadcasters competing alongside you and looking for new talent. You could be hired! 10. We are going to run a cool Algorave friday night - with Alex McLean and other international audiovisual artists mixing algorithms and music. Sign up at www.bit.ly/ibchackfest today. See IBC event at www.ibc.org\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Amazon.com, Inc. was 504.7200012207031 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Amazon.com, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "517.5399780273438",
 "date": "2015-09-04",
 "ticker": "AMZN",
 "company": "Amazon.com, Inc."
}