{
 "context": "The following article called 'Western Union Introduces WU Connect Platform, Expanding Cross-Border Money Transfer via Mobile and Social Media' was published on 2015-10-26. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nMonday, October 26, 2015 6:30PM IST (1:00PM GMT) Western Union Introduces WU Connect Platform, Expanding Cross-Border Money Transfer via Mobile and Social Media Innovative Digital Platform Will Enable Western Union to Facilitate Money Transfers for Third Party Networks San Francisco, United States The Western Union Company (NYSE: WU), a leader in global payment solutions, today launched WU \u00ae Connect SM , an innovative technology platform that integrates with leading consumer messaging and social media platforms to give users a unique way to quickly and conveniently transfer money worldwide. The WU Connect platform embeds Western Union\u2019s robust global money transfer capability into third-party digital platforms to provide users with new ways to quickly and conveniently send money to friends and family. Consumers will be able to fund the money transfer utilizing a debit card, credit card or bank account and easily direct the funds to a Western Union retail agent location around the world, and to a mobile wallet or bank account where available. In many ways, the WU Connect platform represents a natural evolution in Western Union's strategy to reach new digital-savvy and mobile-enabled individuals. Western Union\u2019s cross-border platform enables an industry-leading pay-in, pay-out capability that leverages technology, foreign exchange conversion, data management, as well as regulatory, compliance and anti-money laundering (AML) infrastructure, to expedite efficient and timely money movement almost anywhere in the world. \"At Western Union, we are actively listening to the voice of consumers and using that feedback as the basis for innovation in all of cross-border money transfer and payment capabilities,\u201d said Western Union President and CEO Hikmet Ersek . \u201cWe are continuing to build upon our core strengths, expanding our digital business, investing in technology and compliance capabilities to connect the digital and physical worlds.\" David Thompson , EVP, Global Operations and Technology and CTO, Western Union, expressed excitement about the potential impact of this new offering saying, \"This puts Western Union in a position to extend its digital platform to networks whose users are looking for more convenient ways to send and receive money globally on a platform of their choice.\" The WU Connect platform will be made available to strategic global messaging, social, and other digital networks. Western Union looks forward to working with companies in this space. WU Connect allows for efficient and timely money movement for multiple use cases. The WU Connect platform offers a suite of application programming interfaces (APIs) built on a highly scalable infrastructure, enabling fast deployment of domestic and cross-border remittance capabilities. It seamlessly integrates into third-party user interfaces or platforms. For additional information on WU Connect or partnership opportunities, please email WUConnect@wu.com . About Western Union The Western Union Company (NYSE: WU) is a leader in global payment services. Together with its Vigo, Orlandi Valuta, Pago Facil and Western Union Business Solutions branded payment services, Western Union provides consumers and businesses with fast, reliable and convenient ways to send and receive money around the world, to send payments and to purchase money orders. As of June 30, 2015, the Western Union, Vigo and Orlandi Valuta branded services were offered through a combined network of over 500,000 agent locations in 200 countries and territories and over 100,000 ATMs and kiosks, and included the capability to send money to millions of accounts. In 2014, The Western Union Company completed 255 million consumer-to-consumer transactions worldwide, moving $85 billion of principal between consumers, and 484 million business payments. For more information, visit www.WesternUnion.com .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Western Union Company (The) was 15.6195068359375 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Western Union Company (The) was ",
 "expected": "15.200562477111816",
 "date": "2015-10-26",
 "ticker": "WU",
 "company": "Western Union Company (The)"
}