{
 "context": "The following article called 'Another dimension for former Apple exec Ian Rogers at LVMH' was published on 2015-09-01. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nTue, Sep 1, 2015, 17:36 BST - UK Markets closed Another dimension for former Apple exec Ian Rogers at LVMH By Ashley Armstrong | Telegraph \u2013 45 minutes ago 110.62 -2.14 \nIan Rogers, who began his career teaching US hip hop group Beastie Boys about the internet, will be swapping Silicon Valley for Paris when he joins the French luxury group \nLVMH, the global luxury group , has hired former Apple (NasdaqGS: AAPL - news ) executive Ian Rogers as its new chief digital officer. \nMr Rogers, an avid skateboarder, has had an unusual career path that will mean the art of selling expensive handbags or fine whisky for the French luxury conglomerate might mean acquiring new skills. \nHe started his career by dropping out of a PhD in computer science at Indiana University to create a fan site devoted to hip hop group Beastie Boys . He was then recruited by the band to tour with them in the early 1990s and teach them about the internet. \nHis music connections led him in 2003 to take a role heading up internet search engine Yahoo\u2019s music service as its vice president for three years. He later became chief executive of Topspin Media, a Los Angeles-based company used by Paul McCartney, David Byrne and the Beastie Boys to help musicians sell to fans online. \nIn 2013 he joined rapper Dr Dre's headphones and music streaming service Beats Music, which was bought by Apple for $3bn in May last year . Mr Rogers was then promoted to a senior role within Apple's iTunes team and helped with the launch of Apple Music. \nMr Roger's appointment at LVMH is fresh evidence of the growing importance of digital marketing to luxury brands. Industry analysts say that top brands have been reluctant thus far to engage in online marketing as they believed an ecommerce site would dilute their exclusivity. \nHowever, booming smartphone use means that shoppers frequently do most of their research on products online via their mobiles and tablets before purchasing. \n\"I am happy to welcome Ian into our group to strengthen our digital ecosystem,\" said Bernard Arnault, the French billionaire owner of LVMH. \n\"He will build on the foundations laid by Thomas Romieu, take the Houses to the next level and explore new opportunities for the group in the digital sphere. Ian will bring his extensive experience in high-end digital ventures and his innovation-driven spirit to develop LVMH's leadership in the digital luxury field.\"\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was 25.846572875976562 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Apple Inc. was ",
 "expected": "25.750303268432617",
 "date": "2015-09-01",
 "ticker": "AAPL",
 "company": "Apple Inc."
}