{
 "context": "The following article called 'Equinix and Rackspace Collaborate to Simplify Hybrid Cloud Solutions for Enterprises' was published on 2015-10-21. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n, the global interconnection and data center company , together with Rackspace \u00ae , the #1 managed cloud company, today announced a collaboration to offer private access to Rackspace cloud services from Equinix International Business Exchange\u2122 (IBX \u00ae ) data centers across North America . For customers who require the flexibility and elasticity of the cloud, with the enhanced security and performance characteristics of traditional hosting, Equinix will offer direct access to Rackspace dedicated data centers via direct cross connects, as well as through Equinix Cloud Exchange\u2122, the interconnection solution that provides direct access to leading cloud providers from a single port. \nBy offering direct connection to Rackspace services via Equinix Cloud Exchange, Equinix and Rackspace are empowering their customers to realize the full benefits of hybrid and multi-cloud solutions by providing access to leading cloud service providers in a secure and high-performing environment. In addition, existing Equinix customers will now be able to add Rackspace managed services to their hybrid or multi-cloud deployments. Initially, access will only be available to Microsoft \u00ae Azure \u2122 via Rackspace, with the possibility of adding additional cloud service providers. \nHighlights / Key Facts Equinix provides private, reliable connectivity from a customer's infrastructure to Rackspace, as well as to additional cloud service providers. The service is ideal for enterprise customers looking to build hybrid cloud deployments, with components hosted at Rackspace as well as others hosted externally. Direct, private access provides the performance and reliability of a private cloud with the cost benefits of the public cloud. Rackspace services will initially be available through the Equinix Cloud Exchange platform in Chicago\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was 260.6133117675781 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Equinix, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "261.7326965332031",
 "date": "2015-10-21",
 "ticker": "EQIX",
 "company": "Equinix, Inc."
}