{
 "context": "The following article called 'Junior Financial Analyst - Great position for recent graduate! at Squires Group (Savage, MD)' was published on 2015-07-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nSource: Dice Our client, a leading distributor in the Mid-Atlantic region, is searching for a Junior Financial Analyst. Their commitment to providing value to their clients is why they have long-standing customers and continue to grow in a very competitive market. This opportunity will offer you a great work environment with tremendous opportunity for both professional and personal growth. As a direct hire employee you can expect to receive a health care plan, 100 company paid life insurance, 401K with company match and 100 vesting, voluntary shortlong term disability term life insurance, paid days off, and free employee assistance program. Job Responsibilities Include Generate and run reports from an ERP system as well as access and other databases Provide trend analysis on company results, market, and financial data Compare and analyze actual results versus budget and forecast Maintain database by entering and verifying data Forecast sales for major customers Assist with board presentations Job Requirements Include BABS in Finance, Economics, or Business Equivalent experience may be substituted for education Strong computer skills, must be proficient in Access and PowerPoint Must have advanced level knowledge of Excel (Pivot tables, financial modeling, etc.) Referral Program Earn up to 1,500 for every person you refer and we place! If you see a position posted by The Squires Group and know the perfect person for the job, just send your friend's contact information to us at referralssquiresgroup.com. 4 Reasons to Join The Squires Group, Inc. Our Commitment to You - We offer competitive pay, multi-year projects and a list of exciting clients. Work-Life Balance - We work hard, we work smart and have quality time for family and \"life.\" Golden Rule - We treat our consultants the way we want to be treated with integrity, professionalism and trust. We Care About You ndash We help you meet your career goals and continuously support your efforts in the field. The Squires Group, Inc. is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer Financial education, Access, PowerPoint, advanced level Excel\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Apogee Enterprises, Inc. was 47.030147552490234 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Apogee Enterprises, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "47.18243408203125",
 "date": "2015-07-14",
 "ticker": "APOG",
 "company": "Apogee Enterprises, Inc."
}