{
 "context": "The following article called 'SoXange Social Trading Platform - 2015 Review (Gail Campbell)' was published on 2015-09-25. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Gail Campbell Sep 25, 2015 Greetings to all of you my fellow readers! I am here again, to give you another product review which will help you choose a product wisely. This review will guarantee you 100% accurate analysis, from the smallest detail to the biggest one.We will talk now about this product that I discovered online, a very popular and most buy product today. SoXange social trading platform is its name, and many investors use it to get advantage of their online trades. They trade on the world stock market. It's a place or organization by which stock traders (people and companies) trade stocks, like Coca-Cola, Nestle, and many large companies worldwide. And, SoXange is also listed on a stock exchange.SoXange social trading platform is a platform designed by a group of engineers, as a tool that its main function is to give a certain trader the advantage to get an accurate winning result. Aside from being an automated system, SoXange does also provide access to each of its member the ability to copy these successful traders' performance, in order to get the same results as they did. Copying successful traders' performance has no limit as long as the credit in your account reaches the minimum amount requirement.Furthermore, more than 50% of online traders from other social trading platforms transferred to SoXange, and they feel like they are more satisfied with it. Not only that SoXange guarantees success, but also guarantees you a risk-free and safe investment online. So, traders have no reason to refuse what SoXange offers.Moreover, SoXange trading platform is the only platform that offers free-to-use. Anyone can use the platform, whether you are a newbie or an expert, and you are only required to give 3% of your weekly profits to SoXange, and it will automatically be deducted from your account.Another interesting fact about SoXange is the number of payment options you can choose to withdraw your funds or profits. You can withdraw your money through wired transaction, bank to bank, and direct to receiver. It's a hassle free for any trader's part.With a thorough researched that I conducted together with my team, we also have found out that the minimum amount of profits the trader gets in a day is, between $500-700. If you're a newbie this is unbelievable to achieve, but for those who have been receiving this amount daily it is just a penny amount, compare to what they actually getting.Now, for every trader or investor's concern let us just take this opportunity and make the most out of it. We, in our team, were very much satisfied with SoXange and rated it 10/10. If there is a rating of more than 10, I will vote for it higher than that. Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Coca-Cola European Partners plc was 29.701595306396484 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Coca-Cola European Partners plc was ",
 "expected": "28.601987838745117",
 "date": "2015-09-25",
 "ticker": "CCEP",
 "company": "Coca-Cola European Partners plc"
}