{
 "context": "The following article called 'Former RBS FX Trader Claims Unfair Dismissal Following FX Rigging Scandel' was published on 2015-09-17. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFormer RBS FX Trader Claims Unfair Dismissal Following FX Rigging Scandel Former RBS FX Trader Claims Unfair Dismissal Following FX Rigging Scandel Another FX trader who was dismissed as a result of the FX rigging scandal has claimed unfair dismissal. This time it\u2019s RBS being sued. Advertising Print This Post \nThe slew of dismissals in the wake of the FX market manipulation scandal is coming back home to roost for a number of banks. Indeed, as banks came under investigation by UK and US regulators, which have subsequently levelled $10 billion in fines against them, many big banks began a perhaps over-zealous bout of firing embroiled FX traders. \nThe dismissals may have been too much of a knee-jerk reaction from banks, who sought to save their reputations. Indeed, a number of those fired forex traders have taken legal action against their former employees claiming that they were unfairly dismissed. \nThe newest case of a disgruntled former employee is that of Ian Drysdale, a senior FX trader who was suspended from the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) in February 2014 and later dismissed. He has filed a claim at a London employment tribunal against RBS for unfair dismissal and breach of contract, according to Reuters. \nThe Central London Employment Tribunal said in a filing the hearing is scheduled to start on September 28 and run for three days. \nIndeed, the repercussions from the trials will likely be a further headache for the banks, who no doubt just want the issue to go away. Just last week, Perry Stimpson highlighted many of the plaintiffs\u2019 concerns that the sharing of client information was widespread and condoned by senior management. \nHe went on to tell the East London Employment Tribunal that senior Citigroup staff manipulated the sterling rate to sink $35 million in illicit profits on an M&A deal that the bank was handling. \nRBS, which has been heavily bailed out by the British government and remains 73% under public ownership, has been hit hard by $1.3 billion in fines related to market manipulation. \nThe new case by Mr Drysdale may come as somewhat of a surprise, as the bank was forthcoming in announcing that it was conducting enhanced investigations into the forex rigging scandal. In total, RBS has said that it has dismissed three employees and suspended another two in relation to the scandal. Got a news tip? Let Us Know FOUND A MISTAKE\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Orbsat Corp. was 1822.5 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Orbsat Corp. was ",
 "expected": "1822.5",
 "date": "2015-09-17",
 "ticker": "OSAT",
 "company": "Orbsat Corp."
}