{
 "context": "The following article called 'PayPal vs. Amazon vs. Stripe - Fastest and Cheapest? (mike t smith)' was published on 2015-07-24. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nJul 24, 2015 The idea of ecommerce is pretty amazing. You come up with a product or service that everyone wants. In other words; it has enough value that we are willing to pay money for it.That's the motherload right?If you can figure that out, and create a decent website, you could actually make money part-time, perhaps even while you sleep.But the tricky part can be how to actually get the money from your customers.Below are a few options worth considering:AMAZON PAYMENTSAmazon Payments, Inc., is a wholly owned subsidiary of Amazon.com that provides means to process transactions online. Launched in 2007, Amazon Payments uses the consumer base of Amazon.com and focuses on giving users the same checkout experience available on Amazon.com.Amazon Payments is a way for customers to purchase goods and services from US based websites using the payment methods in their Amazon.com accounts, such as their Visa or MasterCard. (Currently Amazon.com and Amazon Payments will not accept payment methods such as PayPal or Google Wallet.) At participating vendors, which include Patagonia and Jockey, users can check out using their Amazon account information without needing to re-enter credit card numbers or shipping addresses. Users can also check out with Amazon's 1 Click.PAYPALPayPal Credit, formerly named Bill Me Later, is a proprietary payment method offered on the websites of many well-known merchants, including those of Wal-Mart, Home Depot, USPS, B&H Photo Video, Best Buy, Overstock.com, JetBlue Airways, Liquidation Channel, Jewelry Television and Hotels.com. The site, which offers consumers a line of revolving credit through Comenity Capital Bank, allows purchases to be made online without using a credit card. The company was one of the first recipients of the Red Herring Global 100 Award by the publication Red Herring.STRIPEUnlike other payment services, including PayPal and fully integrated e-commerce solutions such as Shopify, Stripe specifically focuses on providing the technical, fraud prevention, and banking infrastructure required to operate online payment systems.Notable online companies that use Stripe as their default payment processor include Fitbit, Kickstarter, reddit, Twitter, Wired, Salesforce.com, Squarespace,Encyclopedia Dramatica and The GuardianSTRIPE EASY BUTTONStripe is my personal favorite because it's free! A better way to say it is that you don't pay anything upfront. The money for the service is paid only AFTER a sale has been made. This makes it the perfect solution for many new, and seasoned, entrepreneurs. Below is the link to a service that lets you generate Stripe buttons FREE of charge (until you make a sale that is).http://www.yourhappyclients.org/stripe\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of ArcBest Corporation was 28.421173095703125 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of ArcBest Corporation was ",
 "expected": "27.562477111816406",
 "date": "2015-07-24",
 "ticker": "ARCB",
 "company": "ArcBest Corporation"
}