{
 "context": "The following article called 'GM may export China-made Buick to U.S.' was published on 2015-08-18. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFacebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest GM may export China-made Buick to U.S. General Motors is close to becoming the first major automaker to sell a China-made vehicle in the U.S. in a move that could fuel political consternation over the decline of the American manufacturing sector. Post to Facebook GM may export China-made Buick to U.S. General Motors is close to becoming the first major automaker to sell a China-made vehicle in the U.S. in a move that could fuel political consternation over the decline of the American manufacturing sector. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1TQd7Ce Cancel Send A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs GM may export China-made Buick to U.S. Nathan Bomey , USA TODAY 5:30 p.m. EDT August 17, 2015 Analysts believe the Buick Envision will be sold in the U.S. by late 2016. The Buick Envision is already on sale in China and may be imported to the U.S. (Photo: GM) 2 CONNECT 4 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT EMAIL MORE \nGeneral Motors is close to becoming the first major automaker to sell a China-made vehicle in the U.S. in a move that could fuel political consternation over the decline of the American manufacturing sector. \nIndustry analysts expect that the automaker will import the compact crossover Buick Envision from a plant in China to U.S. dealerships by the end of 2016. In fact, IHS Automotive analysts are so sure it will happen, they've already integrated it into their official U.S. sales forecasts. \n\"That\u2019s what we expect,\" IHS analyst Stephanie Brinley said. \"It will be interesting to see, if GM follows through on this plan, how consumers will react.\" \nThe move could come in the heat of the U.S. presidential campaign, which has already focused intensely on barriers throttling the U.S. economy amid stiff foreign competition with manufacturers in China, Mexico and elsewhere. \nRepublican candidate Donald Trump and Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders have assailed U.S. political leaders for giving China the upper hand on trade. \nBuick spokesman Nick Richards said talk of the Envision coming from China to the U.S. is speculation. But he acknowledged that GM is \"looking at all the opportunities\" for the vehicle. \n\"It\u2019s our practice to build where we sell. In every business aspect it makes the most sense,\" Richards said. \"That\u2019s what we strive to do in every vehicle and every case. Nothing\u2019s changed in that regard.\" \nGM makes the Envision in China because that\u2019s the biggest market for the Buick brand. (Chinese consumers appreciate Buick a lot more than American consumers do.) If GM decides to sell the vehicle in the U.S., where it would fill a crucial hole in Buick\u2019s lineup, the quickest and most cost-effective route would be to export it. \n\"Definitely the U.S. market is the secondary market for the Buick brand,\" AutoPacific analyst Dave Sullivan said. \nPOLITICAL CONSTERNATION \nRegardless, the decline of American manufacturing and corresponding rise in Chinese manufacturing is fodder for political consternation, with the auto industry positioned squarely in the bull's-eye during campaign season. \nDuring the 2012 presidential race, Trump \u2014 then just a real estate baron with a penchant for politically charged rants on Twitter \u2014 caused a stir when he joined Republican candidate Mitt Romney in erroneously accusing Chrysler Group's Jeep brand of moving U.S. production to China . \nIn reality, Jeep was expanding its manufacturing presence in China at the time, not moving any U.S. jobs. It's customary for manufacturers to assemble vehicles where they sell them, which mitigates the impact of currency fluctuation and reduces transportation costs. \nGM has generally adhered to that strategy, which is expected to help the automaker navigate China's decision last week to devalue the yuan. \nBut the Buick Envision, which is similar in size to GM's Chevrolet Equinox crossover, is an outlier because U.S. sales volume is likely to be too low to justify building the vehicle in two different plants. The trade journal Automotive News first reported on Monday that GM is weighing the move. \nGM is expected to sell about 129,000 units of the Envision in China in 2017, according to IHS Automotive forecasts. In the U.S., where the vehicle is currently not available for sale, the company is expected to sell about 35,000 units in 2017, IHS projects. \nAt that small volume, it may not make economic sense to build the car in China and in the U.S., analysts said. \nUAW TALKS \nAn additional complicating factor for GM is the onset of contract negotiations in the U.S. with the United Auto Workers union. The UAW, which has threatened to authorize a strike at GM, Ford or Fiat Chrysler if it doesn't reach deals by mid-September, is consistently critical of manufacturers for locating production in other countries. The Envision could represent an opportunity for the union to present a business case for assembling the Envision in the U.S. The Envision is bigger than the Buick Encore subcompact and smaller than the Buick Enclave. Think of it more in terms of a direct competitor for the Ford Escape, Jeep Cherokee, Honda CR-V, Toyota RAV4 or Nissan Rogue. That's a hot segment. \nGM began producing the Envision about a year ago at a new plant in the Shandong province city of Yantai, southeast of Beijing. In the first seven months of this year, the company sold 57,413 of them. \nGM has already said it will launch an as-yet unnamed vehicle at its Orion Township assembly plant in Michigan. Analysts and product planning specialists have speculated that most likely that vehicle will be a crossover to be sold as a Cadillac. \nGM announced plans last month to spend $5 billion to expand its partnership with Shanghai Automobile Industry Corp. (SAIC) to develop a new family of Chevrolet models for China, India, Brazil and Mexico. President Dan Ammann said at the time there were no plans to export those vehicles to mature markets such as the U.S. \nBUICK IN CHINA \nChina is the primary market for GM's Buick brand. The automaker sold about four times as many Buicks in China as it did in the U.S. in 2014: 918,559 to 228,963. \nBut with the Chinese economy sputtering, auto sales have stagnated in the world's largest market for new vehicles. Sales fell 7% in July, according to Citi analysts. \nThat will exacerbate production overcapacity, giving manufacturers more incentive to seek foreign markets for China-made cars. \nMany automakers are already exporting vehicles from other Asian markets to the U.S., such as the Buick Encore subcompact crossover made in South Korea. \n\"As the Chinese market continues to slow down, they're going to be looking for ways to keep the capacity going in China by exporting,\" AutoPacific's Sullivan said. \"If there was any blowback, I would imagine it to be very short-lived.\" \nU.S. consumers are already accustomed to products made in China, such as Apple products and TV sets. The quality of those products has given consumers confidence in the quality of products made in that country. That may not even matter much for the auto industry. \n\"American consumers aren\u2019t always entirely aware where their vehicles are made,\" Brinley said. \nEven so, analysts don't expect GM to make it obvious the Buick Envision comes from China, if it decides to make the move. \n\"It\u2019s not necessarily going to be visible to consumers until they read the window sticker,\" IHS' Brinley said. \nFollow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @ NathanBomey . \nContributing: Greg Gardner, Detroit Free Press 2 CONNECT 4 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT EMAIL MORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1TQd7Ce TOP VIDEOS\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was 25.766605377197266 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of General Motors Company was ",
 "expected": "25.782907485961914",
 "date": "2015-08-18",
 "ticker": "GM",
 "company": "General Motors Company"
}