{
 "context": "The following article called 'Ministries will have to seek Department of Financial Services nod to meet top PSU bank bosses' was published on 2015-07-20. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n0 BREAKING NEWS Ministries will have to seek Department of Financial Services nod to meet top PSU bank bosses By Sanjeev Choudhary , ET Bureau | 20 Jul, 2015, 01.58AM IST ET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! NEW DELHI: The finance ministry has finally come to the rescue of public sector banks constantly under pressure from politicians and bureaucrats seeking special treatment for their cause. Every ministry will now have to seek the permission of the Department of Financial Services (DFS) before calling top executives of public sector banks (PSBs) for meetings, the DFS said in a circular to all ministries earlier this month, in an apparent bid to shield the executives from the harassment of frequent meetings and guard the already-stressed banking sector from undue political interference. It's common for ministers and senior government officers to call the CEOs and other top executives of state-run companies to discuss a variety of issues and make them wait long. Since banks are crucial to the economy and these days have also come to play a key role in the government's welfare schemes, their interface with other ministries have risen, leading to higher need for coordination and at times attempts by politicians and officials to influence lenders' relationship with industries. \"We have been receiving oral complaints from CMDs of public sector banks and financial institutions that various other ministries are calling them for discussing different items at different times. It is possible that the beneficiary groups of most of the ministries may have to be linked to some form of institutional funding, for which, some discussion may be required by the ministries/departments concerned,\" according to the July 6 circular issued by the DFS to secretaries of all ministries. \"However, it is not a good idea to call CMDs of banks or senior officers of banks only for a specific agenda of one department.\" Instead, other ministries should request DFS for a time slot to discuss their agenda at the quarterly meetings of banks CEO, the circular said. \"In the meantime, if there is any necessity for calling CMDs or senior officers of banks and other financial institutions urgently, it is requested that the request for such meetings should only be made to DFS and then we can issue notice for the same from DFS,\" the circular said. The new rules, however, apply only to top executives of banks, and not to \"local representatives/general managers of banks based in Delhi\". This step will probably spare the top bank executives the harassment of visiting power corridors too often, and instead allow them to focus on their core responsibilities. \"Many ministries issue instructions to help one industry or the other without understanding the way banks operate or are regulated. This can hopefully be curbed now,\" said a senior banker.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Discover Financial Services was 51.34400939941406 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Discover Financial Services was ",
 "expected": "51.58705139160156",
 "date": "2015-07-20",
 "ticker": "DFS",
 "company": "Discover Financial Services"
}