{
 "context": "The following article called 'South Africa: Violent Protest At Anglo's Mogalakwena Mine' was published on 2015-09-03. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nThe protest started on Monday after residents complained they were not considered for job opportunities on the mine. Protesters burnt the local clinic and vandalised garbage bins. \nPolice had to use rubber bullets to disperse protesters and made 11 arrests on Tuesday. \nCommunity leader Piet Mashiane said they had resolved to embark on the protest because the mine was not helping to advance community development and empowering locals with opportunities to work on the mine. \n\"The mine must help develop our area... they are doing nothing,\" said Mashiane. \nProtesters also accused the mine of not driving social and infrastructure development in the area, saying they didn't have water and their roads remained unimproved. \nMining company doesn't fulfil promises \nPercy Mphela, a resident of Rooibok, where the mine relocates residents during expansion, told News24 they were protesting because the mining company no longer fulfilled its promises. \nHe said they were angry that when the mine expanded and sought approval from communities, it promised jobs and social development, which he said remained a broken promise and a lie. \nThey also said they did not have water in the area, and had to rely on contaminated stream water. \nWhen the struggle ensued with police on Wednesday, residents said police fired rubber bullets and broke some residents' homes. \nA furious Maria Ledwaba of Ga-Molekane said police broke her door and forcibly entered her house and broke her wardrobe because they accused her family of hiding protesters. \n\"The mine must resolve our problems immediately, because damage is becoming huge and our children are being arrested,\" said Ledwaba. \nEleven arrested for public violence \nAt least 11 people were arrested for public violence, said local police spokesperson Constable Sello Leso. \nBut Ledwaba said police were failing to resolve and restore peace because they were employing violent means to stop protest action. \nOfficials at the company were not immediately available for comment. \nThe protest over jobs started a day after Mining Minister Ngoako Ramathlodi signed a deal with the SA Chamber of Mines which sought to avoid planned job cuts. \nRamathlodi and mining companies signed an agreement that will see at least 11 000 jobs saved. \nSouth African mining companies have been under pressure, accused of failing to develop local economies and helping transform the areas in which they operate. \nMogalakwena is part of the Waterberg mining belt, a key strategic mine for Anglo Platinum. \nSource: News24\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of AngloGold Ashanti Limited was 7.225215911865234 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of AngloGold Ashanti Limited was ",
 "expected": "7.215721607208252",
 "date": "2015-09-03",
 "ticker": "AU",
 "company": "AngloGold Ashanti Limited"
}