{
 "context": "The following article called 'Germany launches criminal probe against VW's ex-CEO' was published on 2015-09-28. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nView Photo \n\nGerman prosecutors on Monday announced a criminal investigation against Volkswagen (Other OTC: VLKAF - news ) 's former chief executive as the government pressed the embattled auto giant to resolve a pollution cheating scandal that has rocked the auto sector. \nThe affair will also be on the agenda when the European Union's 28 trade or industry ministers gather in Luxembourg this week for the first high-level meeting in Europe on the VW crisis since it erupted last week. \nIn Germany, public prosecutors in the northern city of Brunswick said they have launched a criminal probe against Martin Winterkorn, who resigned as VW's CEO after the group revealed that 11 million of its diesel vehicles are equipped with devices that fool official pollution tests. \nIn his resignation statement, the 68-year-old manager, a renowned perfectionist in the industry, said he was \"not aware\" of having done anything wrong. \nThe carmaker's supervisory board also appeared to absolve him initially, insisting that Winterkorn -- who as Germany's highest-paid executive could under normal rules stand to pocket a payout of around 60 million euros ($67 million) -- had not been aware of the fraud. \n- Chain of responsibility - \nBut prosecutors said they were looking to establish the exact chain of responsibility in the scam, which is snowballing into one of the biggest ever in the European automobile industry and threatening to tarnish Germany's pristine engineering reputation. \n\"Following a number of legal suits, the public prosecutors in Brunswick have opened an investigation against Martin Winterkorn, the former chief executive of Volkswagen,\" they said in a statement. \n\"The investigation will focus on the allegation of fraud by selling vehicles with manipulated emission values,\" it added. \nVW Friday announced it was replacing Winterkorn with the head of VW's luxury sports car brand Porsche, Matthias Mueller. \nThe new 62-year-old boss faces daunting challenges as he seeks to steer VW out of the wreckage left by the affair. \nThe German government has given Volkswagen until October 7 to submit measures and a timetable to fix vehicles that have been fitted with the cheating software, a ministry spokesman said Monday. \nThe devices can switch on pollution controls when they detect the car is undergoing testing. They then switch off the controls when the car is on the road, allowing it to spew out harmful levels of emissions. \n- Ignored warnings - \nAccording to German media reports at the weekend, Volkswagen ignored warnings from staff and a supplier years ago that the emission test rigging software was illegal. \nThe scandal has tarnished VW's name, left it exposed to up to 18 billion dollars (16 billion euros) in US fines, and wiped a third off its stock market value in a week. \nVolkswagen's top-of-the-range automaker Audi (LSE: 0FG8.L - news ) said that 2.1 million of its diesel cars worldwide are among the 11 million fitted with the so-called defeat devices. Czech subsidiary Skoda said 1.2 million of its vehicles were affected. \nThe environmentalist group Greenpeace lashed out at VW's piecemeal communication of the scandal, especially after new CEO Mueller promised a \"ruthless\" investigation into the affair and a \"fresh start\". \nIn addition to Germany, national authorities in several other countries have announced probes. And lawsuits are being filed, including class-action suits in the United States. \nVW's diesel vehicles are coming under close regulatory scrutiny worldwide and France has even extended the checks to cars made by other manufacturers. \nVW was not immediately available on Monday to comment on the news of the criminal investigation against Winterkorn, or media reports suggesting the group had suspended a number of managers in its R&D division. \n- Incalculable costs - \nWith the carmaker facing the possibility of having to recall as many as 2.8 million vehicles in Germany alone, the direct and indirect costs of the affair are still incalculable. \nVW has already said it will set aside 6.5 billion euros in provisions in the third quarter. But analysts at DZ Bank suggested it could be 1.0-3.0 billion euros more. \nOn top of that sum, VW also faces onerous regulatory fines, including up to $18 billion in the United States. And the fallout on customer purchases cannot yet be estimated. \nInvestors appear to fear that more bad news is still to come. \nAfter losing 34 percent of their value or around 25 billion euros last week, VW shares were again the biggest losers on the Frankfurt stock exchange Monday, where they showed a loss of as much as 9.3 percent in intraday trade. They ended the day 7.5 percent lower.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of pdvWireless, Inc. was 31.43000030517578 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of pdvWireless, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "29.549999237060547",
 "date": "2015-09-28",
 "ticker": "ATEX",
 "company": "pdvWireless, Inc."
}