{
 "context": "The following article called 'MoneyGram Announces New Agreement With Colombia Post Office' was published on 2015-07-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nClose \nBOGOTA, Colombia (July 16, 2015) (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MoneyGram (NASDAQ:MGI), a global provider of innovative money transfer services, announces today that the company is expanding its reach across Colombia and making services more accessible to its customers through a new agreement with Correos Nacionales de Colombia 4-72, the national post office. \nMoneyGram's services are now available at more than 180 post office locations giving customers in Colombia more choices when they need to send or receive money. \n\"Meeting the demands of our consumers in Colombia is part of a company-wide strategy to bring more options to residents and expatriates,\" says Juan Agualimpia, MoneyGram's executive vice president and chief marketing officer. \"Together with the national post office, we are giving our consumers, in both rural and urban areas, the chance to send or receive funds while also using mail services - all in the same location.\" \nThe new agreement with Colombia Post Office increases MoneyGram's footprint in the country by an estimated 30 percent. MoneyGram works with more than 30 post offices around the world to provide consumers with convenient access to reliable and affordable money transfer services. \n#moneygramnews \nAbout MoneyGram International, Inc. \nMoneyGram is a global provider of innovative money transfer services and is recognized worldwide as a financial connection to friends and family. Whether online, or through a mobile device, at a kiosk or in a local store, we connect consumers any way that is convenient for them. We also provide bill payment services, issue money orders and process official checks in select markets. More information about MoneyGram International, Inc. is available at moneygram.com. CONTACT: Media Contact: Michelle Buckalew media@moneygram.com 214-979-1418\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was 8.890000343322754 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Moneygram International, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "8.720000267028809",
 "date": "2015-07-16",
 "ticker": "MGI",
 "company": "Moneygram International, Inc."
}