{
 "context": "The following article called 'How the Anheuser-Busch InBev-SABMiller Deal Will Affect Your Beer' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nHow the Anheuser-Busch InBev-SABMiller Deal Will Affect Your Beer Written by: Jason Notte 10/16/15 - 12:26 PM EDT \nNEW YORK ( MainStreet ) \u2013- It's tempting to look at a huge deal like Anheuser-Busch's accepted purchase of SABMiller and think that it's far too big to affect U.S. drinkers. \nIt's wrong, but tempting. \nThe $104.5 billion deal still faces regulatory hurdles, both here and abroad. It will also have to hold up to antitrust scrutiny, which A-B InBev's $20.1 billion deal for Mexico's Grupo Modelo didn't when it came before the Department of Justice. Grupo Modelo's products, now brewed for the U.S. at a separate facility and sold by Constellation Brands, have a roughly 7% share of the U.S. beer market, according to Beer Marketer's Insights . SABMiller's joint venture with Molson Coors, MillerCoors commands 26% of the U.S. beer market. More Headlines Your Social Security Will Be Seized If You Owe Student Loans \nAnd the language of the MillerCoors agreement states that MolsonCoors is to increase its share of MillerCoors from 42% to 50% if SABMiller is sold. It also gets the rights to the first and last offer on the remaining 50% and to the naming a new chief executive. So there's a chance that, for consumers, everything stays just as they know it. \nBut there's also a chance that it won't. MillerCoors saw sales in the second quarter sit flat from a year ago at $2.2 billion. Its chief executive, Tom Long, retired in June and left MolsonCoors chief financial officer Gavin Hattersley as the joint venture's interim leader until he assumed those duties full time a month ago. That month, MillerCoors took two steps: it bought San Diego craft brewer Saint Archer for its Tenth and Blacke specialty beer division, and it announced plans to shut down its 9-million-barrel plant in Eden, N.C., and lay off more than 500 employees. \nEven before this deal, MillerCoors was getting leaner and shifting focus. The Miller Lite brand -- which still accounts for 7% of all U.S. beer volume, compared to 11% for all craft brewers combined -- has seen production, sales and market share slide steadily for a number of years. The Miller High Life brand has also sputtered, with sales slumping by more than 5% a year for the last three years, on average. Even low-budget Keystone Light, which saw growth in the years following the recession, saw sales slip 7.4% last year. \nIn fact, the only brands seeing consistent growth for MillerCoors are its Blue Moon and Jacob Leinenkugel craft-style beers, its Redd's fruit-flavored malt beverages and its Coors Banquet -- helped out largely by packs of nostalgic stubby bottles. As a result, MillerCoors has worked at making its brewing facilities in Milwaukee and Virginia more efficient and, more importantly, more nimble and able to brew different kinds of beer. 1\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA Sponsored ADR (Belgium) was 97.96745300292969 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA Sponsored ADR (Belgium) was ",
 "expected": "98.70691680908203",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "BUD",
 "company": "Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA Sponsored ADR (Belgium)"
}