{
 "context": "The following article called '7 Best Companies For Paid Parental Leave' was published on 2015-08-08. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n7 Best Companies For Paid Parental Leave Written by: Eric Reed 08/08/15 - 10:58 AM EDT Tickers in this article: NFLX NEW YORK ( MainStreet ) -- Embrace the revolution, workers of America, because parental leave has just hit a milestone. Earlier this week the video streaming service Netflix announced that it would extend leave for new mothers and fathers up to one year out, by far the most generous benefits package of any company in the United States. \nThe United States is increasingly alone in the world for not requiring some form of paid parental or maternity leave. In fact, by 2015 only nine countries have no laws on the books about this, with America trailing such bastions of human rights as North Korea, Vanuatu and (believe it or not) Somalia. (For a sense of just how alone we are in the world, click through here to see NPR\u2019s map on the subject.) \nOf course, global statistics on this issue should be taken with a grain of salt, since it\u2019s common for many countries to pass sweeping legislation that they have no intention or ability to enforce. \nStill, parental leave remains a massive concern for workers in this country. Only a little more than one in ten U.S. workers have paid parental leave according to senior economist with the Economic Policy Institute Alice Gould -- the benefit is broken down heavily by economic strata. More Headlines Best Deals in August: How to Save on Your Back-to-School Shopping \nAmong the top 10% of wage earners , about one-quarter get paid time off for a child, while only 4% do at the bottom. The less money you make, it turns out, the less protection you have against the economic calamity of\u2026 having a baby? \nFor the overwhelming majority of workers , a birth means scrimping and saving, carefully hoarding vacation and sick days in advance of the due date so that the mother can take some time to recuperate and the father might get to see his newborn child. Once those days are used up, some new parents take advantage of the unpaid leave guaranteed by the Family Medical Leave Act but, as Gould argued, how many families can actually afford weeks and weeks of lost income? \n\u201cPeople try to store up their sick leave or any vacation time , and then they kind of use it all up so they can spend more time with their newborn or with their adopted child,\u201d she said. \u201cAnd that\u2019s how people make do. Many people go back to work before they want to, because they simply can\u2019t afford to do without their wage earning.\u201d \nMen in particular, Gould says, \u201caren\u2019t taking the unpaid leave that they\u2019re given, because families can\u2019t afford to live without their income\u201d \nThe availability of paid leave at the top has become an increasing trend, said economist Eileen Applebaum with the Center for Economic and Policy Research, because increasingly young workers are making it a priority in their career decisions. \n\u201cToday, men as well as women want to be more involved in their children\u2019s lives,\u201d she told MainStreet . \u201cEmployers know this, and those that are competing for high-priced talent or have deep pockets have begun to provide this as an employee benefit. They find that it improves their attractiveness and ability to hire and increases retention of workers already on staff.\u201d \nAnd that\u2019s great, for anyone competitive enough to attract that kind of benefits package. Unfortunately it doesn\u2019t do much further down the economic chain, such as the 94% of service industry workers who get no paid leave of any kind. \nAbout half of them don\u2019t even get vacation days to save up in advance. \nPart of the reason for this is that parental leave is simply an expensive benefit to provide . It requires an employer to not only work around long gaps in its workforce, but also to keep on paying the absent employee while also finding someone else to do his or her job. Studies have shown that countries that require generous parental leave policies see a noticeable jump in hiring discrimination by employers looking to avoid the risk of bringing on a young newlywed who may become, in the employer's eyes, a liability. By one estimate , 54,000 women lose jobs or seniority in Britain alone each year due to taking maternity leave. \n\u201c[Paid leave] policies have a positive effect on career prospects of young people and women,\u201d Applebaum said. \u201cWhen employers implement paid parental leave it is to encourage loyalty, align the values of the company with those of its employees and improve retention. Employers find that such policies are an effective way to do this.\u201d \n\u201cHowever, it can be quite expensive for an individual employer to provide paid parental or family leave,\" she said. \"A hospital that employs a large number of young women as nurses and nurse aides would be unlikely to be able to afford paid parental or family leave. A steel mill, with a mainly older male workforce would not have the same problem.\u201d \nSome suggest that an effective way to combat this would be to enforce parental, as opposed to maternity, leave. This would eliminate the gender gap and force employers to treat workers as equals across the board. \nApplebaum, however, suggests a program of state sponsored insurance to lift the burden of cost from employers and spread it out evenly across a workforce that does, after all, benefit as a whole from having children brought into the world. \nFor example in New Jersey, Applebaum argued, six weeks of paid leave costs about 70 cents per week to cover. \nIn the meantime, we\u2019ll make do with the system we\u2019ve got. Paid leave is an entirely voluntary benefit paid for by companies that choose. For you job seekers or prospective parents out there who value paid parental leave the most, here are the seven most generous policies in America: 1\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of MainStreet Bancshares, Inc. was 10.0 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of MainStreet Bancshares, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "9.904762268066406",
 "date": "2015-08-08",
 "ticker": "MNSB",
 "company": "MainStreet Bancshares, Inc."
}