{
 "context": "The following article called 'Will Caterpillar (CAT) Beat Earnings Again on Cost Savings? - Analyst Blog' was published on 2015-07-22. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nContent preferences Done All eyes will be on Caterpillar Inc. CAT when it releases second-quarter 2015 financial results before the opening bell on Jul 23 as the mining and equipment behemoth has long been considered a bellwether of national and global economic strength. In the preceding quarter, Caterpillar\u2019s earnings per share improved 16% to $1.86 despite a drop in revenues, thanks to its incessant focus on operational improvement. Caterpillar has trumped the Zacks Consensus Estimate in three of the last four quarters, with an average positive surprise of 16.53%. Let\u2019s see whether it can keep the earnings streak alive this quarter. Factors to Consider This Quarter Caterpillar\u2019s sales continue to bear the brunt of weak mining demand as mining companies keep on reducing their capital expenditures. Lower oil prices will also negatively impact both engine sales for oil production and demand for construction machines used for energy site preparations. Moreover, a stronger dollar and continued weakness in agriculture will take its toll on sales. However, the construction sector will be a saving grace for the company as leading indicators for construction activity continue to trend positive. North American results will remain strong, reflecting the better economic conditions in the U.S. compared to the rest of the world. The company continues to invest in new and updated products, and increase work on new technologies, that have applications across its businesses, in order to stay competitive. Caterpillar\u2019s continuous efforts to reduce costs and improve efficiency as well as lower material costs will support margins. The company expects lower incentive compensation in 2015. Further share repurchases will also be accretive to earnings. Earnings Whispers Our proven model shows that Caterpillar is likely to beat earnings as it has the right combination of two key components. Note that a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or at least 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) to have a significantly higher chance of beating earnings. Zacks ESP: The Earnings ESP for Caterpillar is +6.40%. This is because the Most Accurate estimate of $1.33 is above the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.25. Zacks Rank: Caterpillar\u2019s Zacks Rank #1 when combined with a positive ESP makes us confident of an earnings beat. We caution against stocks with Zacks Rank #4 and 5 (Sell-rated stocks) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions. Promising Stocks Caterpillar is not the only firm looking up this earnings season. The following stocks in the industrial products sector are likely to beat earnings as well: Rockwell Automation Inc. ROK has an earnings ESP of +3.90% and a Zacks Rank #2. It is scheduled to report its earnings on Jul 29. AGCO Corporation AGCO has an earnings ESP of +3.92% and a Zacks Rank #3. The company is slated to report its results on Jul 28. Berry Plastics Group, Inc. BERY has an Earnings ESP of +7.84% and a Zacks Rank #3. The company will report its results on Jul 31. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Berry Plastics Group, Inc. was 33.189998626708984 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Berry Plastics Group, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "32.33000183105469",
 "date": "2015-07-22",
 "ticker": "BERY",
 "company": "Berry Plastics Group, Inc."
}