{
 "context": "The following article called 'Kenya: US-Kenya Gov't MOU - Kenya to Use ICTs to Reduce Corruption' was published on 2015-08-06. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nKenya: IEBC Has Neglected Boundary Disputes Role \nThe communiqu\u00e9, the two governments intend to deepen partnerships in four action areas. These include Entrenching Good Governance and Combating Corruption (through deepening partnerships for good governance and institutionalizing integrity and anti-corruption mechanisms in all facets of government), implementing and reinforcing international anti-corruption initiatives and standards, expanding the use of technology to reduce opportunities for corruption while the fourth action area is ensuring accountability for corruption and mismanagement. \nStill under use of technology to reduce opportunities for corruption, the communiqu\u00e9 states that the Kenya government has made a commitment to \"deepen ongoing interventions, such as progressively moving all in-bound government payments onto the Government Digital ePayments Platform, and widening the use of the i-Tax and Single Window platforms.\" \n\"At the same time, the Government of Kenya plans to fast track the rollout of digitization of government services under eGovernment to complement the ongoing ePayment program. The Government of Kenya commits to complete the digitization of lands, births, and death records by July 2016, and prioritize business registration records together with other high demanded public records starting August 2016,\" it adds. \nAs part of the partnership, Kenya has also committed \"to further enhance its efforts under the Integrated Financial Management Information System program towards full integration of all government financial systems, and to augment the audit and security components to guarantee the system's integrity,\" with the emphasis being that the government will \"consult widely on the development of these various digital programs.\" \nKenya is also expected to expand its program to transparently utilize eProcurement systems to eliminate corruption in the awarding of contracts and licenses, and commits to finalizing its transition to eProcurement by June 2016. \nKenya will also accelerate work to strengthen the capacity of the Financial Reporting Centre (FRC) and Central Bank of Kenya to track illicit financial flow by outfitting the FRC with the requisite platform to run anti-money laundering software. On its part, the US government will provide best practices and advice to Kenya's FRC, and also procure software for the FRC to improve the analysis of suspicious transactions and better communicate with other countries' FRCs once the requisite platform is in place. Kenya \nThe national government on Tuesday announced plans to shut down websites luring university students to join extremist \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 CIO East Africa. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Chemours Company (The) was 7.874709606170654 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Chemours Company (The) was ",
 "expected": "9.155284881591797",
 "date": "2015-08-06",
 "ticker": "CC",
 "company": "Chemours Company (The)"
}