{
 "context": "The following article called 'US Dollar May Rise as FOMC Minutes Boost September Rate Hike Bets' was published on 2015-08-19. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWed, Aug 19, 2015, 8:06 PM AEST - Australia Markets closed US Dollar May Rise as FOMC Minutes Boost September Rate Hike Bets By Ilya Spivak | DailyFX \u2013 2 hours 19 minutes ago Recommend US Dollar May Rise as July FOMC Minutes Boost September Rate Hike Bets Yen to Rise, Commodity FX Vulnerable if Fed Outlook Sparks Risk Aversion S ee Economic Releases Directly on Your Charts with the DailyFX News App A quiet day on the European economic data front will see investors looking ahead to July\u2019s US CPI figures as well as the publication of minutes from last month\u2019s FOMC meeting . The core year-on-year inflation rate is expected to print at 1.8 percent, unchanged from the prior month. However, US economic news-flow has increasingly tended to outperformed relative to consensus forecasts since mid-May, leaving the door open for an upside surprise . Meanwhile, the account of the Fed\u2019s July sit-down may foreshadow a rate hike in September. The conspicuous absence of dissent from hawkish FOMC members last month hints that withholding tightening may have been a tactical rather than a qualitative decision. Analysts tracked by Bloomberg seem to favor \u201cliftoff\u201d in September while Fed Funds futures continue to price it in for October, meaning a move in July would have almost certainly triggered pandemonium. With that in mind, Fed officials may have acknowledged that the economy is ready for stimulus withdrawal but opted to wait for the sake of smoother normalization. Clues to that effect may help cement September as the consensus time frame and force investors to re-price expec tations baked into asset prices, boosting the US Dollar . It ma likewise weigh on risk appetite as traders consider the pivotal role of expansionary monetary policy in fueling the post-crisis recovery in financial markets , punishing sentiment-geared currencies like the Australian, Canadian and New Zealand Dollars while offering a lift to the Japanese Yen . Needless to say, a stronger CPI print would only encourage this process. New to FX? START HERE ! Asia Session\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was 153.9884033203125 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of FedEx Corporation was ",
 "expected": "149.14541625976562",
 "date": "2015-08-19",
 "ticker": "FDX",
 "company": "FedEx Corporation"
}