{
 "context": "The following article called 'Puma sells Tretorn to Authentic Brands' was published on 2015-06-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n  \nAuthentic Brands Group (ABG) has made its second acquisition this month with the purchase of Swedish luxury outdoor lifestyle brand Tretorn from Puma . \nTretorn joins ABG's sports and lifestyle portfolio that includes the Spyder, Prince, and Tapout brands. \nThe acquisition, for an undisclosed sum, follows the purchase of lingerie brand Frederick's Of Hollywood earlier this month. \n\"With a heritage that spans more than 120 years Tretorn has an inherent and global association with tennis and luxury, \" said Jamie Salter, CEO of ABG. \"Tretorn holds a unique place in the minds and hearts of consumers worldwide - from performance, to athleisure to style, Tretorn has made a statement on and off tennis courts for decades.\" \nAs part of the deal, Puma has sold the industrial property rights of the Tretorn Group, which include trademark rights, patents and designs, to ABG. Tretorn management will acquire the operating license from ABG and will continue to operateTretorn in the Scandinavian and European market. \nPuma said the sale is a result of its vision to become \"the fastest sports brand in the world\", focusing on its core categories within its core brands Puma and Cobra Golf. \nIt acquired Helsingborg-based Tretorn in 2002. The company produces sports and leisure activity products such as footwear, rubber boots, riding boots and tennis balls. \nAuthentic Brands said it will implement a licensing strategy with an emphasis on footwear, outerwear and tennis equipment for North America and Asia, which have been identified as key growth markets. The company is also in advanced discussions with a strategic licensing partner for North America to be announced in the near term.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Puma Biotechnology Inc was 113.54000091552734 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Puma Biotechnology Inc was ",
 "expected": "112.26000213623047",
 "date": "2015-06-30",
 "ticker": "PBYI",
 "company": "Puma Biotechnology Inc"
}