{
 "context": "The following article called 'Globo Offers Same-Day Support for Microsoft Windows 10' was published on 2015-09-14. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nPALO ALTO, Calif.--(BUSINESSWIRE)-- GO!Enterprise MDM secures Windows 10 on Day 1 \nGlobo Plc (LSE-AIM: GBO) (OTCQX: GOBPY) (\u201cGlobo\u201d or the \u201cCompany\u201d), the global provider of complete enterprise mobility and mobile application development platforms and services,today announced immediate availability of Globo\u2019s GO!Enterprise Mobile Device Management (MDM) solution to secure Windows 10-based devices. \nGO!Enterprise MDM platform, which is an integral part of Globo\u2019s Enterprise Mobility Management suite of products, will support Microsoft Windows 10 at its launch. The immediately available, free, upgrade for the company\u2019s MDM platform will provide enterprises with security, control and compliance over mobile devices that will be using the new Windows 10 operating system. With Windows 10, companies are able to develop their apps once and deploy on all devices regardless of form factors on phone, tablet or PC devices. Globo in turn can secure, control and ensure compliance over all these devices. \nIn addition to managing and securing mobile devices, Globo solutions allow companies to develop and deploy mobile apps for an innovative mobile experience for customers. Announcing this milestone, Mittal Parekh, Vice President of Product and Strategy at Globo, said it was vital that companies switching to the new Windows 10 operating system maintain security and management of their mobile ecosystem. \n\u201cWe worked very closely with Microsoft to deliver support for Windows 10 from day one and hope to build this partnership further by driving the accelerated adoption of Windows 10 within enterprises,\u201d Parekh said. \u201cOur customers can download a simple upgrade for GO!Enterprise MDM without impact to operations or end users. All customers will automatically receive the updated release of our platform with full compatibility covering the latest, as well as the legacy, operating system versions.\u201d \nAmong the features of the GO!Enterprise platform is the ability for organizations to remotely wipe all or partial data from a device should an employee lose it, provide password protection to increase security, trigger a remote ring to locate lost or misplaced device, and manage functions such as the use of the camera, storage card, and sharing of information via Bluetooth, to name but a few. Furthermore, GO!Enterprise will enable IT to control Windows specific access policies such as, but not limited to, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Email Setup, Windows App Store, Data Roaming, Phone Reset and Removal of MDM Enrollment. Lastly, Globo\u2019s solution is end-to-end FIPS 140-2 certified which can be claimed by only a handful of vendors in this space. \nMicrosoft Windows 10 is available now for PCs and tablets; OS edition for mobile phones will be available in the last quarter of this year. \nAbout Globo \nGlobo (LSE-AIM:GBO) (OTCQX: GOBPY) empowers the mobile enterprise by enabling employees to work and collaborate from anywhere, anytime and by extending the enterprise\u2019s engagement with customers and partners. Globo is unique in offering a complete enterprise mobility solution by merging Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM), Mobile Application Development Platform (MADP) and professional services. Globo solutions cover critical areas for a \u201cMobile First\u201d enterprise, which are data security, app and device management as well as app design and development. The Group operates internationally in USA, Europe, Middle East and South East Asia, and has achieved worldwide recognition from leading analysts firms like Gartner, IDC and OVUM. For more information visit www.globoplc.com . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150914005962/en/ Contact\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was 39.0836296081543 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Microsoft Corporation was ",
 "expected": "39.5330696105957",
 "date": "2015-09-14",
 "ticker": "MSFT",
 "company": "Microsoft Corporation"
}