{
 "context": "The following article called 'Rajasthan signs Rs 50,527 crore pacts in mines, cement, power sectors' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nRajasthan signs Rs 50,527 crore pacts in mines, cement, power sectors By PTI | 16 Oct, 2015, 10.46PM IST ET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! JAIPUR: As a precursor to Resurgent Rajasthan Partnership Summit 2015, to be held on November 19-20, the Rajasthan government today signed 13 pacts worth Rs 50,527 crore with public sector undertakings . Union Minister for Power, Coal and New & Renewable Energy Piyush Goyal , Union Minister for Steel and Mines Narendra Singh Tomar, and Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje were present on the occasion. Goyal said, \"Rajasthan is the first state in the country to have submitted a detailed plan to the Centre for providing 24X7 power for all. What is more, it has already succeeded in providing up to 22 hours of power to every village in the state.\" Rajasthan's problems in discom debt is the most daunting of all states in the country, but it has also addressed the challenge in a manner that gives me confidence that it is well on its way to bring about a transformation in the power sector, Goyal said while complementing the Raje government. The Minister said the pacts should be treated and understood as \"commitment of investment\", and those who do not take it in that spirit be imposed penalty. Tomar expressed confidence that Rajathan would be the first state in the country to go for auction of minerals and be a leader among states in this respect. Expressing satisfaction with the state's success in attracting substantial investment in the mining and mineral industries, Raje said, \"The state's new mineral policy intends to promote greater transparency in the allocation of mines as well as the development of minerals, metals, and mineral processing industries.\" \"This is all with emphasis on introducing new technologies in exploration, minimising wastage, waste recycling, job creation, especially for people drawn from the weaker sections and greater revenue for the state government\", she added. \"Rajasthan is committed to facilitating the growth of the mining industry but equally to ensuring ecological balance through systematic, scientific and sustainable mining\", Raje emphasised.  \n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Aptiv PLC was 64.30461120605469 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Aptiv PLC was ",
 "expected": "64.90133666992188",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "APTV",
 "company": "Aptiv PLC"
}