{
 "context": "The following article called 'New Pipelines Will Bring Gas to the West and Southwest, Creating New Competitive Dynamics, an Industrial Info News Alert' was published on 2015-09-28. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nMon, Sep 28, 2015, 11:34 BST - UK Markets close in 4 hrs 56 mins New Pipelines Will Bring Gas to the West and Southwest, Creating New Competitive Dynamics, an Industrial Info News Alert Press Release : Industrial Info Resources \u2013 19 minutes ago Print Related Content SUGAR LAND, TX--(Marketwired - Sep 28, 2015) - Written by John Egan for IIR Energy (Sugar Land, Texas) -- \"Go west and grow up with the country,\" newspaper editor Horace Greeley urged entrepreneurs in 1851. Gas pipeline developers are certainly heeding Greeley's advice today, as the multi-year, multi-billion-dollar expansion of the nation's pipeline network continues to unfold. Increasing volumes of gas are being transported in new directions, from the East to the West, South and Southwest, to meet burgeoning demand from power plants, industrial facilities and liquefied natural gas (LNG) export terminals that are under construction or under development. \nWithin this article: Details on U.S. natural gas pipeline projects, including those from major companies such as Kinder Morgan Incorporated ( KMI ), TransCanada Corporation ( TRP ), Spectra Energy Corporation ( SE ) and Williams Companies ( WMB ). \nOther companies featured: McGraw Hill Financial ( MHFI ) \nFor details, view the entire article by subscribing to Industrial Info's Premium Industry News , or browse other breaking industrial news stories at www.industrialinfo.com . \nIndustrial Info Resources (IIR), with global headquarters in Sugar Land, Texas, five offices in North America and 10 international offices, is the leading provider of global market intelligence specializing in the industrial process, heavy manufacturing and energy markets. Industrial Info's quality-assurance philosophy, the Living Forward Reporting Principle\u2122, provides up-to-the-minute intelligence on what's happening now, while constantly keeping track of future opportunities. To contact an office in your area, visit the www.industrialinfo.com \" Contact Us \" page. Contact:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Capital Southwest Corporation was 26.977203369140625 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Capital Southwest Corporation was ",
 "expected": "26.481794357299805",
 "date": "2015-09-28",
 "ticker": "CSWC",
 "company": "Capital Southwest Corporation"
}