{
 "context": "The following article called 'Fox Gains Control Over National Geographic's Media Assets' was published on 2015-09-10. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nFox Gains Control Over National Geographic's Media Assets By Zacks Equity Research 1 hour ago \ue071 Content preferences Done In an effort to expand its 18-year partnership with National Geographic Society, media behemoth Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. FOXA has announced a new joint venture with the former. Per the agreement, Rupert Murdoch family controlled Twenty-First Century Fox will hold majority of the stake in National Geographic Channels. Twenty-First Century Fox will own 73% of the new entity called National Geographic Partners, whereas National Geographic Society will hold the remaining stake. The deal is valued at $725 million and is expected to be sealed later this year, subject to regulatory and other approvals. Following the formation of this joint venture, National Geographic Partners will not only operate National Geographic television channels but also manage all other National Geographic Media operations including the video studio, books, cable networks, maps, catalog, children\u2019s media, licensing, e-commerce businesses and the iconic yellow-bordered magazine. Washington, D.C.-based National Geographic Society is one of the largest non-profit organizations in the world. The company launched its famous yellow-bordered magazine in 1888. However, in recent years, magazine circulation has declined due to the financial crunch. Although National Geographic is one of the most notable U.S. magazines, its domestic distribution has declined to 4 million in 2014 from 10.8 million in 1989. We believe this is a win-win situation for both Twenty-First Century Fox and National Geographic Society. The deal will help the National Geographic Society to revive its iconic yellow-bordered magazine and also increase the National Geographic Society\u2019s endowment to roughly $1 billion. On the other hand, Twenty-First Century Fox will benefit from National Geographic Channels\u2019 worldwide presence, which reaches above 500 million households worldwide. The deal will create huge prospects and will help the company to expand its business worldwide by operating both media and consumer activities under a single roof while boosting its competitive position against its peers. Zacks Rank &Other Stocks to Consider Twenty-First Century Fox currently has a Zacks rank #3 (Hold). Some better-ranked stocks in this sector include News Corporation NWS, World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. WWE and Gray Television, Inc. GTN. All three stocks hold a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. was 17.70930290222168 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "18.129680633544922",
 "date": "2015-09-10",
 "ticker": "WWE",
 "company": "World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc."
}