{
 "context": "The following article called 'Is Now The Perfect Time To Buy AstraZeneca plc And Countrywide PLC?' was published on 2015-07-30. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... \nThu, Jul 30, 2015, 11:49 BST - UK Markets close in 4 hrs 41 mins Is Now The Perfect Time To Buy AstraZeneca plc And Countrywide PLC? By Peter Stephens | Fool.co.uk \u2013 50 minutes ago 521.50 -31.5000 \nShares in pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca (LSE: AZN), and estate agent Countrywide (LSE: CWD) are sharp movers today after the two companies released results for the first half of the year. In AstraZeneca's case, its update was warmly received by the market, with its shares rising by over 2%. However, Countrywide has slumped by as much as 8% -- here's why. Countrywide \nWith the General Election creating considerable uncertainty, the first half of the year was very challenging for Countrywide. Transaction volumes fell by 12% as many potential buyers apparently put off purchases so as to wait and see how a forecast hung parliament would affect the housing market. This was the main reason for a fall in pretax profit from \u00a337m in the first half of 2014, to \u00a329m in the first half of 2015. That's a fall of 22% even though total revenues for the period edged up by \u00a34m to \u00a3338m. \nOf course, with a clear election result, Countrywide expects an improvement in the second half of the year and, as such, is guiding towards a year-on-year rise in its gross profit. And, while rising interest rates could start to put off potential buyers and dampen demand for housing over the medium term, shares in Countrywide continue to offer good value for money at the present time. In fact, the company trades on a price to earnings (P/E) ratio of just 13.3, which indicates that there is a sufficient margin of safety so that even if the second half of the year does disappoint, Countrywide's shares may not be hit all that hard. \nFurthermore, with a dividend yield of 4.1% and half of its profits being derived independent of the UK housing transaction market (typically in property management and other services), Countrywide continues to be a top quality stock for the long term. AstraZeneca \nMeanwhile, AstraZeneca's first-half results were very encouraging for long-term investors. Certainly, its pretax profit fell from $1.5bn in the first half of 2014 to $1.3bn in the first half of the current year. However, this was due to higher research and development costs and, furthermore, AstraZeneca has raised its full-year revenue guidance. It now expects sales to fall at a low single digit percentage rate this year, which is an improvement from the mid-single digit rate that had previously formed its guidance. \nAnd, of further encouragement to investors is a reiteration that profit is expected to rise in the present year, which would be a major step forward for the company and could help to further boost investor sentiment. \nAs such, now seems to be a great time to buy a slice of the company. It remains good value for money, with it having a P/E ratio of 15.7 and, with its yield standing at 4.2%, it continues to be a very appealing income stock. Of course, its turnaround plan is still some way from being complete and, despite today's positive update, challenges will inevitably lie ahead. But, with a top quality management team, sound strategy and an improving and evolving pipeline, AstraZeneca appears to offer considerable long-term total return potential. \nOf course, AstraZeneca and Countrywide aren't the only companies that could be worth buying at the present time. With that in mind, the analysts at The Motley Fool have written a free and without obligation guide called 5 Shares You Can Retire On. \nThe 5 companies in question offer stunning dividend yields, have fantastic long term potential, and trade at very appealing valuations. As such, they could deliver excellent returns and provide your portfolio with a major boost in 2015 and beyond. \nClick here to find out all about them - it's completely free and without obligation to do so. \nPeter Stephens owns shares of AstraZeneca. The Motley Fool UK has no position in any of the shares mentioned. We Fools don't all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Astrazeneca PLC was 26.122360229492188 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Astrazeneca PLC was ",
 "expected": "26.73961067199707",
 "date": "2015-07-30",
 "ticker": "AZN",
 "company": "Astrazeneca PLC"
}