{
 "context": "The following article called 'SES Launches LUCID OVP to Boost Online Video Business' was published on 2015-09-09. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWednesday, September 9, 2015 5:42PM IST (12:12PM GMT) (BW)(SES) SES Launches LUCID OVP to Boost Online Video Business Leading Technical Service for Digital Editing and Broadcasting of Audiovisual Content Will Be Presented at IBC 2015 Luxembourg, Munich, Germany SES Platform Services, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SES S.A. (NYSE Paris:SESG) (LuxX:SESG), has announced its new product, LUCID online video platform (OVP). The solution comprises all the building blocks a customer will need to launch its own online video offering, from setting up an Internet-TV channel to on-demand services: Video Processing (including Content Ingest, Management, and Encoding, Transcoding, DRM Integration and Playout); Monetisation Services, with support of flexible business models (such as SVoD, TVoD); and Applications with an intuitive and easy-to-use User Interface (for iOS, Android) and an HTML5 realisation for an IP Box. LUCID OVP is an integral part of SES Platform Services\u2019 new \u201cMedia Toolbox\u201d concept. The Media Toolbox is a modular all-in-one solution for the optimal distribution of audio-visual content. From linear distribution to all forms of on-demand services, it covers all technological aspects in a highly flexible and scalable way, reducing technical complexity for customers in order that they can concentrate on their core business. Combining Linear TV Streaming, Catch-up TV and video-on-demand (VoD) into one powerful online video platform, LUCID OVP is a complete, ready-to-launch, end-to-end solution for Platform Operators, Broadcasters and OTT-Players looking to optimise their operations and boost subscriber growth. It allows platform operators to create an online video and multi-screen user experience to complement their video strategy. Also, broadcasters and content providers can easily and quickly set up an online video service as a supplement to Direct-to-Home (DTH) services to address new customer groups. \u201cFor many broadcasters, broadcasting linear TV programmes is just not enough anymore. People watch more and more online and mobile content. With ready-to-start workflows and \u2018out-of-the-box\u2019 features, LUCID OVP ensures fast time-to-market and enables our customers to reach viewers and customers anywhere and on any device. We have been a leading provider of backend services, and now we can also deliver our customers everything for the front-end to create a great user experience,\u201d said Daniel Kiessling, Senior Manager Solution Management SES Platform Services. LUCID OVP will be presented at the SES stand at Hall 1, stand 1.B51 during IBC 2015, Amsterdam.\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Apogee Enterprises, Inc. was 49.05467224121094 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Apogee Enterprises, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "50.16549301147461",
 "date": "2015-09-09",
 "ticker": "APOG",
 "company": "Apogee Enterprises, Inc."
}