{
 "context": "The following article called 'Tanzania: Kikwete to Chair Business Council Meeting' was published on 2015-08-31. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTanzania: CCM and Opposition Bank On Youth Votes \n\"This crucial meeting will attract ministers, permanent secretaries and business leaders to deliberate issues related to improving national competitiveness and economic prosperity,\" he said, adding that preparations for the meeting have already been completed. \nAccording Eng. Mbilinyi, the Council's chairman among other issues will receive two task force reports on improving business environment and tourism transformation. \nHe said the meeting will also reinforce the need to maintain a competitive business environment for attracting private investments. \nPoverty reduction, cutting down administrative costs of doing business for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in an effort to facilitate rapid job creation and private sector-led economy,\" he stressed. \nTNBC is a platform that provides strategic forum for public and private sector leaders to deliberate issues of promoting economic growth. \nThe council also gives room for members to exchange views on improving business regulatory environment to enhance national economic competitiveness in the long run. Tanzania \nA resident of Korogwe District in Tanga Region, Mathias Barua, will remain behind bars for 30 years for having unnatural \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Tanzania Daily News. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited ADS was 4.211423397064209 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited ADS was ",
 "expected": "4.055747985839844",
 "date": "2015-08-31",
 "ticker": "CCM",
 "company": "Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited ADS"
}