{
 "context": "The following article called 'Global Study Finds Number of Interconnected Enterprises to Double by 2017' was published on 2015-10-13. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \n, U.S., and U.K. The survey found that the top strategies IT leaders are using to drive revenue are all dependent on interconnection. The No. 1 revenue growth strategy, cited by nearly 69 percent of respondents, is deploying infrastructures to support new product offerings. Other essential interconnection-driven strategies include: creating new channels or systems of engagement between the enterprise and its customers, partners and employees; deploying infrastructures in new geographies; and embedding or distributing intelligence (analytics, data, content) across business processes, regions or office locations to gain greater customer insights and make faster, more accurate business decisions. Multi-cloud interconnectivity is a prominent worldwide business strategy, with 86 percent of the companies planning to interconnect to multiple clouds across multiple locations over the next five years. Being able to directly and securely connect to cloud providers, bypassing the public Internet, eases security concerns. Security topped the list of enterprise IT concerns, with 64 percent of survey respondents reporting that security worries could drive them to consider re-architecting their IT infrastructure over the next 12 months. Analysts agree that interconnection is crucial for enterprise success. In fact, a recent Forrester study, 'The Total Economic Impact of Equinix Interconnection Solutions,' showed that interconnection yields a 300 percent return on investment, payback of that investment within 4.2 months and a 40 percent average reduction in latency. These findings align with the Enterprise of the Future survey results, which determined that more than a third of the companies responding realized greater than $10M value from interconnection via revenue opportunities (58 percent) and cost savings (42 percent). Executing an interconnection strategy requires an Interconnection Oriented Architecture\u2122, which shifts the fundamental delivery architecture of IT from siloed and centralized to internetworked and colocated. Equinix's interconnection platform provides the critical building blocks needed to implement an Interconnection Oriented Architecture across a global infrastructure with unmatched ecosystem density and vendor neutrality. \nQuotes Lance Weaver , CTO, Cloud, GE \n'Applications, employees and data are rapidly moving outside the traditional borders of the data center but the expectations for a secure, frictionless and high-performance experience are higher than ever. You can't meet those expectations without a level of interconnection that's just not available over the public Internet alone.' Jim Davis , analyst, The 451 Group \n'With the rise of services that depend on network speed and reliability, we believe the demand for interconnection facilities will continue to grow, particularly globally and in markets outside of the top 10 in the U.S., as content pushes further to the edge of the Internet.' Tony Bishop Equinix : \n'Traditional enterprise IT infrastructures are not equipped to compete in this new interconnected era without fundamental change. With Equinix's Interconnection Oriented Architecture, we enable enterprises to take a transformative approach to interconnecting people, locations, clouds and data, which is essential to market differentiation and growth.' \nAdditional Resources \nEquinix \nEquinix, Inc. (Nasdaq: EQIX) connects the world's leading businesses to their customers, employees and partners inside the most interconnected data centers. In 33 markets worldwide, Equinix is where companies come together to realize new opportunities and accelerate their business, IT and cloud strategies. http://www.equinix.com/ . \nForward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from expectations discussed in such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, the challenges of acquiring, operating and constructing IBX centers and developing, deploying and delivering Equinix services; unanticipated costs or difficulties relating to the integration of companies we have acquired or will acquire into Equinix ; a failure to receive significant revenue from customers in recently built out or acquired data centers; failure to complete any financing arrangements contemplated from time to time; competition from existing and new competitors; the ability to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds to repay new or outstanding indebtedness; the loss or decline in business from our key customers; and other risks described from time to time in Equinix's\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Forrester Research, Inc. was 29.666473388671875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Forrester Research, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "28.904829025268555",
 "date": "2015-10-13",
 "ticker": "FORR",
 "company": "Forrester Research, Inc."
}