{
 "context": "The following article called 'High Returns Guarantee To Invest In Switzerland (Andreas Hochachter)' was published on 2015-08-27. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nBy Andreas Hochachter Aug 27, 2015 Source of income and proper invest which proportionate to high returns is the core element in every one's life. That's the reason most of us use to invest in various sectors like market, deals, bonds, solids and shares etc. But the fact is that most of the investments won't give a solid guarantee of high returns or minimal returns on investment. That is the reason people will think about more innovative and strategically approaches to invest. In that factor there are several best opportunities exist in Switzerland. It is always better invest in Switzerland. There are numerous factors in a positive way to invest in various sectors belongs to Switzerland. No matter whether they belong to the private sector or public sector.Switzerland government have a great legendary asset protection rules and regulation. This will like a guarantor to the investments in Switzerland for their people's investment or for the investors from other countries. This is what made most of the people to invest in Switzerland depends on their interest. Various sectors offering guaranteed returns on investment. So undoubtedly we can go for invest in Switzerland. If you are interested in multiple sectors to invest, there are few help desk companies who will guide you to invest wisely. So no bothering and nothing to face while invest in Switzerland. Let us check the best sectors to investment in Switzerland.Swiss Gold BarsThis is one of the prominent sectors to invest. You will get what you will pay for in gold bars. Purity and quality are the common and base values in Swiss gold bars. So the investor In gold bars can expect better returns in less span of time.Stock ExchangeMost of the people known fact is investing in stocks in nothing but pouring money under flush. But this would not occur in Swiss stock exchange. You can get the best prominent returns. But should be focus and need to think before investment like which area of field need to focus and what are the strategies have to follow. Depends on the investment company or mode your will get at least nominal returns at least bothering situation.Real-estateInviting in property definitely give you best returns. But have to be patient. Because investment in property nothing but expecting long time returns. So when go to invest in Switzerland properties, but better to check out the best locality where we can expect best return in less span of time.None the less there are a number of opportunities in Switzerland to invest apart from this. You can expect high returns by investing in bonds and other legal investments. Bonds are logically returns best value after the completion of a certain period of time. The Swiss open market offers a number of business investment opportunities for their people and for the foreign investors. There are number of beneficiary factors to invest. The best and most important one is, the government of Switzerland assure all your assets and they give high priority to the investors as well. So it is always better and good to go for invest in Switzerland. Safe investment option is possible across the country. Each and every investment option is validated by the government and they will monitor the company to prevent from any financial collapse. The Government of Switzerland protects the properties of the investment and they will assure the best value returns.Article Source : https://businessswitzerland.wordpress.com/2015/08/25/high-returns-guarantee-to-invest-in-switzerland/ About the Author Andreas Hochachter is a freelance editor writing for swissbusiness.com . He writes articles about \"invest in Switzerland\". For more details follow on Facebook . Rating:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 87.19000244140625 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "91.01000213623047",
 "date": "2015-08-27",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}