{
 "context": "The following article called 'Wal-Mart to Expand Grocery Pickup Service' was published on 2015-09-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWal-Mart Looks to U.K. Unit for Lessons on Online Groceries (April 21) \nThe new locations are part of a bigger expansion of the service, said a spokesman for the company. In recent weeks, the retailer has added dozens of grocery-pickup locations to parking lots of Supercenter and Neighborhood Markets around Phoenix, Denver and Huntsville, Ala., the spokesman said. \nThe service lets a shopper order groceries and other products online then choose a pickup time. Upon reaching the Wal-Mart parking lot, the shopper calls the store and employees bring the food or other merchandise to the car. There is a minimum order amount of $30. \nWal-Mart\u2019s growing investment in grocery-pickup locations comes at a time when grocers and other retailers are scrambling to find a way to make grocery delivery or pickup popular and profitable. The logistics of handling fresh, frozen and room-temperature food and delivering to a wide swath of homes for a reasonable price is tricky. \nWal-Mart opened its first grocery-delivery test in San Jose, Calif., in 2011, expanding it to Denver in 2013, but has since focused on opening more pickup locations. \n\u201cThe U.S. is a car-based country. Convenience for many Americans isn\u2019t waiting at home for something to show up,\u201d said Bryan Gildenberg, chief knowledge officer at Kantar Retail, a research and consulting firm. \nAlso on Tuesday, Target Corp. said it would partner with grocery-delivery service Instacart to let some Minneapolis, Minn., shoppers order groceries and a limited number of other items online for home delivery within hours. \nBoth Target and Wal-Mart already allow online shoppers to order from their website and pickup inside stores, usually within days. \nWrite to Sarah Nassauer at sarah.nassauer@wsj.com 42\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was 56.0106201171875 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "56.1412353515625",
 "date": "2015-09-16",
 "ticker": "WMT",
 "company": "Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."
}