{
 "context": "The following article called 'CHMP recommends label update for Giotrif\u00ae with addition of data demonstrating overall survival benefit for patients with EGFR mutation-positive lung cancer' was published on 2015-08-19. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nWednesday, August 19, 2015 2:30PM IST (9:00AM GMT) (BW)(BOEHRINGER-INGELHEIM) CHMP recommends label update for Giotrif\u00ae with addition of data demonstrating overall survival benefit for patients with EGFR mutation-positive lung cancer European label update includes Phase III data which showed patients whose tumours have the most common EGFR mutation lived more than one year longer when treated with first-line Giotrif\u00ae compared to standard chemotherapy (overall survival = secondary endpoint, primary endpoint = progression-free survival)Giotrif\u00ae is the first and only treatment to demonstrate an overall survival benefit independently in two trials for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with the most common EGFR mutation (del19) compared to chemotherapyGiotrif\u00ae is approved in the EU for the treatment of patients with specific types of EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC who have not been treated before with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) Ingelheim, Germany Boehringer Ingelheim today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has issued a positive opinion for an update to the European label for Giotrif \u00ae (afatinib*), strengthening and broadening the efficacy profile based on additional Phase III data. The CHMP recommendation includes data from the LUX-Lung 3 and 6 trials which showed patients whose tumours have the most common EGFR mutation (deletion in exon 19; del19) lived more than one year longer when treated with first-line Giotrif \u00ae compared to standard chemotherapy (overall survival; OS = secondary endpoint, progression-free survival; PFS = primary endpoint). Dr. Mehdi Shahidi, Medical Head, Solid Tumour Oncology, Boehringer Ingelheim commented, \u201cThis update to the European label reinforces the importance of Giotrif \u00ae as a targeted treatment for patients with EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC, especially for those whose tumours harbor the most common mutation, del19. Giotrif \u00ae is the first and only targeted agent to date to have shown an overall survival benefit for these patients in the first-line setting.\u201d Following CHMP positive opinion, the European prescribing information will now be updated to include additional data from LUX-Lung 3 and LUX-Lung 6. Both studies met the primary endpoint of PFS for patients whose tumours have common EGFR mutations receiving first-line Giotrif \u00ae . In addition to new OS data, updated PFS data from the two trials will also be reflected in the updated European label, as will the significant improvements in lung cancer-related symptoms (cough, shortness of breath, pain) and quality of life observed with Giotrif \u00ae compared to chemotherapy. Adverse events for Giotrif \u00ae in the LUX-Lung 3 and 6 trials were as expected with EGFR inhibition and were predictable, manageable and reversible.Diarrhoea and rash/acne were the most frequently reported side effects with Giotrif \u00ae therapy. NSCLC is the most common form of lung cancer comprising over 85% of lung cancer cases.EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC is a subtype of lung cancer. EGFR mutations are found in 10-15% of Caucasian and 40% of Asian patients with NSCLC. There are different types of EGFR mutations; the most common, which account for 90% of all EGFR mutations being del19 (approx. 50%) and L858R (approx. 40%).Afatinib, an oral, once daily ErbB family blocker, is currently approved in more than 60 countries for the first-line treatment of specific types of EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC (under brand names: Giotrif \u00ae / Gilotrif \u00ae ). *Afatinib is approved in a number of markets, including the EU, Japan, Taiwan and Canada under the brand name GIOTRIF \u00ae and in the US under the brand name GILOTRIF \u00ae for use in patients with specific types of EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC. Registration conditions differ internationally, please refer to locally approved prescribing information. Afatinib is under regulatory review by health authorities in other countries worldwide. Afatinib is not approved in other indications. For notes to editors and references, please visit:\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was 30.570842742919922 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Deutsche Bank AG was ",
 "expected": "29.28223419189453",
 "date": "2015-08-19",
 "ticker": "DB",
 "company": "Deutsche Bank AG"
}