{
 "context": "The following article called 'Piper Jaffray Brings Good, Not Bad, News for Facebook' was published on 2015-10-20. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nPiper Jaffray Brings Good, Not Bad, News for Facebook Piper's report was packaged as bad news for Facebook, but that's a narrow analysis of the data. Jamal Carnette ( TMFJCar ) Oct 20, 2015 at 1:00PM After carefully parsing the data, I have to give a thumbs up to what initially appeared to be a negative report about Facebook. Source: Facebook. \nIf it's a day that ends in \"y,\" you can bet there's an article fearful about teenagers fleeing Facebook ( NASDAQ:FB ) . The line of thought, which has seemingly been around since the company's widely maligned IPO, seems to border on concern trolling of late. The newest report, from analyst company Piper Jaffray (via The Wall Street Journal ), appears to add more fuel to the fire. \nTo be fair, it isn't as if these concerns aren't valid -- nor is this an attack on Piper Jaffray, as I personally consider the company to be highly knowledgeable in analyzing technology companies. As for the concerns, Facebook's ad-based business monetization model consists of growing time on the service through a combination of increased users and/or increased time per user spent on the service during which to deliver advertisements. As such, any decrease of users -- especially marketer-desired teenagers -- has the potential to hurt Facebook's future top-line growth. \nGiving ammunition to this line of thought, former CFO David Ebersman reported the company did experience a drop of daily teenage users in the third quarter of 2013, driving the stock down quickly. Since that date, however, here's Facebook's stock return and trailing-12-month revenue growth figures: FB data by YCharts . \nAs you can see, even if Facebook is experiencing decreased time share from teenagers, it's not stopping the stock from its tremendous run, nor is it stopping the company from growing its top line. Furthermore, I think Piper Jaffray's report is good news for Facebook, not bad, like the Journal suggests. \nDoes Piper Jaffray's data even matter from a monetization standpoint? According to Piper Jaffray's semiannual teen survey, one-third of respondents rated Instagram as their \"most important\" social network, followed by Twitter ( NYSE:TWTR ) with 20%, and 19% of teenagers choosing privately owned Snapchat. Facebook trailed these other social-media outlets by reporting 15%. While on the surface, this appears to be bad news for Facebook, there are a few reasons investors shouldn't be concerned. \nFirst, there's a difference between \"most important\" and most used. Admittedly, there's probably a lot of overlap between the two, but Facebook's near 1.5 billion monthly active users -- up 13% year over year -- promotes a tremendous built-in network effect competitive advantage, meaning it's almost impossible to ignore using the site. Facebook may be \"less cool,\" but it appears to be on the verge of becoming essential, which is even more important from a monetization standpoint. \nSecond, let's repackage this data appropriately to follow the money Next, the data is correct, but packaged in a way to make it slightly misleading for investors. As it's been widely reported, Facebook purchased Instagram in 2012 for $1 billion. Therefore, perhaps the best way to present Piper Jaffray's data is: \"Facebook-owned sites, including the photo-sharing site Instagram, are now considered teens' 'most important' social networks by nearly half of respondents, followed by Twitter with 20%.\" \nFurthermore, this is actually a desirable position for Facebook to be in in terms of future growth. After buying Instagram, the company took its time to bring ads to the service, emphasizing user growth and customer experience over immediate monetization. \nIn the eyes of many analysts, Instagram is still underutilized from an advertisement standpoint, but Facebook is looking to ramp up advertising on the platform, according to COO Sheryl Sandberg during the second-quarter conference call. In the end, Instagram could be leading the next leg up as far as Facebook's revenue growth is concerned, and it shouldn't be viewed as a competitor with the namesake site, but as a strong complement. \nThe next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early, in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here . \nJamal Carnette owns Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook, Apple, and Twitter. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Author\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was 98.47000122070312 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Facebook, Inc. was ",
 "expected": "97.11000061035156",
 "date": "2015-10-20",
 "ticker": "FB",
 "company": "Facebook, Inc."
}