{
 "context": "The following article called 'Tanzania: Business People Set to Meet Presidential Aspirants on Friday' was published on 2015-10-16. The body of the article is as follows:\n    \nTanzania: TBL Shares at Dar Bourse Tipped to Rise After InBev Takeover of Sabmiller By Iddy Mwema More than 1,000 business people are on Friday expected to meet with presidential aspirants from various political parties in an economic forum to be held in Dar es Salaam. Explaining about the forum in Dar es Salaam, Chairperson of Tanzania Business Community (TBC), Mr Johnson Minja, said the aim of our meeting is to discuss with the political leaders from CCM, CHADEMA and ACT Wazalendo their plans for the Tanzanian business people and economic development at large. \" We decided to have a forum with CCM, CHADEMA and ACT-Wazalendo because currently they are the most competitive parties as we approach general election in a few days to come and one of the party is expected to lead the next government,\" Mr Minja said. \"Among other issues we are looking forward to hear their policies on how they will make sure Tanzanians will benefit from their national resources, how locals especially businesspeople will be helped to benefit from international investment laws and how the candidates will fight corruption. We want to hear how they will protect traders as they are oppressed and lastly we want to hear how they are determined to improve tax collection systems,\" he noted. The forum will take place at Julius Nyerere Convention Centre (JICC) from 10.00 am to 12:00pm and government officials and economists are expected to be part of the forum. Mr Minja said delegates from other regions had already arrived and others were expected to arrive yesterday night to reach 700 representatives from all over Tanzania. He called upon participants to observe the code of conduct that is black suit and should avoid wearing their political party regalia or carrying flags because the forum is for national development issues and not political campaigns. Mr Minja added that it was important to know policies their candidates have for businesspeople as they have great contribution to economic development of the country before they make decisions on October 25. Tanzania \nPresident Jakaya Kikwete Thursday gave a strong warning against people who want to stay behind to guard votes in polling \u2026 see more \u00bb Copyright \u00a9 2015 Tanzania Daily News. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections \u2014 or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 1,700 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .\n\n    The day before the article was published, the stock price of Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited ADS was 4.145875930786133 and the day after the article was published, the stock price of Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited ADS was ",
 "expected": "4.334324836730957",
 "date": "2015-10-16",
 "ticker": "CCM",
 "company": "Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited ADS"
}